2024-02-28 22:12:46,035 - MainLogger - INFO - Initializing
2024-02-28 22:12:46,036 - MainLogger - WARNING - Initializing Warnings
2024-02-28 22:12:46,057 - MainLogger - DEBUG - ['I experienced this emotion when my grandfather passed away.', ' when I first moved in , I walked everywhere . But within a week , I had my purse stolen — just a block away from the police station ! Now , I always take public transportation . ', '` Oh ! " she bleated , her voice high and rather indignant . ', 'However , does the right hon. Gentleman recognise that profound disquiet has been expressed about some of the proposals in the Bill , particularly the fast-track ones ? ', "My boyfriend didn't turn up after promising that he was coming.", " It's freezing . ", ' That ’ s not all ! I also had to finish writing a sales report for my boss . In the end , I finished everything . I wonder what will be waiting for me tomorrow morning . ', " I don't have a warrant . ", ' I guess so . ', ' I was just robbed ! ', ' This is it ? ', ' Well , do you think I have to ? ', 'They seemed anxious and hesitant about leaving , as if uncertain of which direction to take . ', 'I experienced anger most recently when I had committed a sin which I had gone a week and a half without doing. I had made a vow to God and had blown it. Now I had to start all over.', " cars might be convenient , but they're so bad for the environment . ", 'When a close friend of mine who was with me in first year could not make it to the second year.', ' No . Only a few pounds . But my passport was in the bag . That ’ what I ’ m really worry about . ', ' For what ? ', "Her headache seemed to be getting worse and worse , and Raffaella 's command of English slipped as she grew increasingly excited . ", 'A leader is a coach, not a judge.  #lean #systemsthinking #development #HR', 'I was very happy when my scholarship to continue studying at university was approved after it had been cancelled.', 'Being alone in Europe and having to catch a train and bus to the airport, then board the plane alone.', 'Manufacturers could play on the excitement of a commentary to sell their sets . ', '` You \'re angry I \'m here , aren\'t you ? " ', ' See you then . ', " Yes , he was . I'm not imagining it.Finally , just when I got home , I turned around and looked at him.He was just standing there . He didn't smile . He just stood there . It was so obvious.What should I do ? I'm so scared . Can I call the police ? ", ' What ? ', ' Merry Christmas . Steven ! ', "When during a social evening with my father, brother, sister, close friend and my father's 2nd wife - I had an argument with my father, who abused my friend who was sticking up for me.", 'You won ’ t believe who ’ s been elected to do overtime on the Baker account ! Me ! I ’ Ve already logged in 20 hours of overtime ! ', 'Having passed the exam required to be an authorized Radio/TV dealer.', 'Hi ! Tom . Want to go to play bowling tonight ? ', "I got a good reaction from my tutor and tutorial group for a presentation I'd given that I was very worried about.", ' The Redskin ’ s quarterback just threw a touchdown pass for seven points . We ’ re losing again . ', 'My boyfriend breaking up with me about 7 months after I had an abortion. Just the fact that he was ignoring me and continued to do so.', 'The same fact about the girl (22 years, married - guilt - disgust), the fear was the main factor in our relationship.', 'I was scared when I realized that I might miss the train which I was supposed to take.  I was 1500 Kilometres away from home and when  I heard the depart whistle I was still 150 feet away from the train.  I finally made it.', 'A 16-year-old girl works herself into a frenzy of grief for a friend killed by right-wing vigilantes . ', 'Leading scorer Paul Wilkinson struck his 20th goal of the season against his former club but looked glum as he left the dressing room . ', 'Hello ? ', 'She looked a little less resentful than earlier , and -- dare he hope it ? -- even slightly anxious for him . ', 'Family member survived an operation.', ' I got it . Do you pay for the programs ? ', 'My anger is with men, their inability to be human (not all men).', ' OK . ', 'A fellow player, quite unexpectedly, scores a goal, which means a draw.', " I didn't like her butting in where I didn't want her . She's a chatter box . ", 'A friend of mine got pregnant anf failed the first year at university.  The boyfriend refused his responsibility and they ended up in court.', ' Why ? ', ' But she lied to me . ', 'Life is short, live it.  is rare, grab it. Anger is bad, dump it. is awful, face it. #Memories are sweet, cherish them.', 'Good if you are nervous about making a permanent change . ', " Um , well let's see ... I'm from Kansas originally . A much quieter and more peaceful place than here , that's for sure ! ", "` I 'm gratified to find you so concerned for my welfare , Li Yuan . ", 'His marriage to Osthryth , the sister of King Ecgfrith , inhibited him from bestowing royal favour on Wilfrid until Archbishop Theodore engineered a reconciliation of offended parties in 686 . ', 'As she poured coffee for Jenny and Paul , she felt unbearably sad . ', 'One time I set up my journey at night going to a certain bar. On the way I met my friends and they told me that two people had died because of heavy fighting. I proceeded on but with fear.', 'When I first passed a job interview.', 'And she was furious that Mr Clarke did not break the news to her before holding a Press conference . ', ' All right . But what was the trouble ? ', ' That ’ s right . I have a lot to learn from you . ', "We lived with 3 persons in the loft of a house. It often occurred that other persons again and again climbed the stairs with much noise. When I was studying I couldn't concentrate and got angry.", 'When I entered at the University.', 'Why aren ’ t they are aware of the gravity of the situation ? ', " But why were you getting off work so late ? The office close at six , doesn't it ? ", 'all this  news has made me very nervous whenever i see a cop.  even a friendly cop in the mall.  i hate that.  ', 'Cant decide what shirt to wear tonight. ', ' And my first nephew . He looks a lot like you , mum . He does . ', "Reflecting on the experience , Donia said : `` I think you 're exhilarated by the determination and strength of the human spirit . ''", " I'll see you at the airport at 12 thirty P . m . ", ' Crazy is too kind . Insane is more like it . Nuts ! Wacko ! Psycho ! ', 'When I came to know that my grandmother had died.  She was very close to me.', 'It was a complex situation concerning a relationship with a boyfriend, I had broken the relationship for some reasons. Meanwhile, as I felt it, I had most sorrow.', 'My mother, sister and I were thinking about old times, our childhood, and we had a very happy time.', 'Hello ? ', ' Well ... ', "But Richard 's elation at regaining his health was short lived because his kidneys started to fail . ", 'Nightmare about war. Freaked the fuck right out of me.  #loathing #ffs #sake #fuck #sake', 'Her father was cross with her , if not downright angry , and she felt like weeping inside . ', 'Once again my parents distroyed a relationship.', 'When I got the scholarship letter from Australia.', ' Sorry , I don ’ t quite follow you . ', 'Last Summer in Italy I was attacked by a dog.It was terrible to feel that untidy dirty dog against my naked skin.', " I am sorry . I am very tired . I'm going to bed early . ", 'I had a dream in which I was an African elephant.', ' No ! I said I was going to cut down which is very different . You can ’ t just expect me to go cold turkey overnight ! ', 'I made an appointment with a friend to drink coffee togehter. However, for the third time in that week she arrived an hour too late.', 'There is only one thing that makes a  impossible to achieve: the of failure.', '` What is it ? " asked the eight-year-old , delighted that he had somehow managed to amuse this mature woman of nineteen . ', 'Lineker became incensed when Taylor went public , not only questioning whether Lineker should remain as captain , but whether his form justified a place in the side -- even though he was maintaining his phenomenal strike rate . ', ' You won ’ t believe who ’ s been elected to do overtime on the Baker account ! Me ! I ’ Ve already logged in 20 hours of overtime ! ', ' Ur , you really let me down . ', "He said nothing , and from the anger on his face she saw that he didn't think he owed her a reply . ", ' See you later ! Drive carefully . ', 'When I heard that I had passed my MCE Exam, I spent the whole day dancing and eating sugarcanes from our garden.', ' Why did you tell me to get off ? ', ' So , want me to book the tickets again ? ', "Ian Fleming 's superhero first appeared in Issue 4 of ZZAP ! , much to the dismay of the reviewing team . ", 'Fights that I see in the middle of the street, robberies, fear of darkness when going home.', 'Are you allowing to sabotage Your Empowering #Success ? Give it back! 2 Timothy 2:7 #queeninyou', 'The time I learnt that I had passed my Malawi School leaving Certificate Examinations.', 'As he released his anger , he felt his love for his ex-wife , and wept over their divorce . ', 'I felt joy when I passed the worst phase in my life and discovered how many people considered me important to them.', ' Thank you . ', ' My hair looks hideous . ', ' Eight . ', "If she 's so anxious about my welfare and morals it 's a wonder she hasn't come stamping up here to check out the situation for herself . ", 'Lucy sent him a resentful glance while adding an explanation for her presence . ', ' High ? ', ' Really going to miss you . ', ' What a pity ! ', "Melanie was shocked to see the horror on her aunt 's face . ", " No ... not really . The sad thing is that I wasn't there when she died . I really wanted to be there one last time . ", ' Why not ? ', 'Thus the dialogue and its frame emphasize the bond between the two of them , and thereby further underline the horror of the sacrifice of which they speak . ', " Mary , don't move . Stand right there . It's a good shot . The background is very pretty . ", ' You got it . ', ' so what ? ', 'That was what I felt with a teacher who put down quite unreal marks.', 'When someone took my writing materials yet I was to write Examinations in a few minutes.', 'She was shortish and had an attractive way of cocking her head on one side and looking up with big dark eyes and a wryly amused smile . ', '@OMcGee82 I felt fine this morning, blatantly due to still being pissed, then my condition rapidly deteriorated.  ', ' I am happy that you like the house . We should write down what we like so that we can remember it . ', 'Almost every month it seems as though some sad parent on the local news is bemoaning the loss of their teenager who died in this way . ', " It's really there ? This all seems so surreal-like it's all one big nightmare . ", ' Hello sir . Good to meet you , too . ', ' Thank you . ', 'I was going away, leaving a dear person behind.', ' Ok . ', 'Recently my younger brother disappeared for two days without leaving a trace. Usually he tells me when he wants to do something like that, therefore I was afraid that something had happened to him.', "Getting a terrible exam mark, which I couldn't understand the reason for, and trying to see a lecturer or tutor, but being given the runaround.", " Yes , that's true . Damn ! I just lost half my paper , and now I can't even do my homework.This is a bad time for this to happen . ", 'Meeting generally dominating persons in social occasions.', 'I wanted to clear up a misunderstanding with a friend that I had caused. A third person meddled in our conversation, turned my efforts to ridicule so that I did not succeed in what I had intended.', 'I went singing with a group of young people on January 6th (The three Magi), a local custom called \\star singing\\". One of the girls, my girlfriend, broke the star. Being the accompanying person, I felt very angry thinking of the consequences."', ' Sorry , sir , we are having a sale now . ', 'Look , Forest Gump is on at six thirty . ', 'I am a kindergarten teacher and I am thoroughly weary of my job.  After having taken the university entrance exam I suffered from anxiety for weeks as I did not want to carry on with my work - studies were the only alternative. ', 'Finished a difficult midterm.', ' OK . Bye ! ', "I was in the dark room, it's insecure and has holes covered with wooden sheets in the roof the establishment had already been assaulted and could be assaulted again.", 'He felt a bit worried at this and started to question her . ', 'Do you know how late it is ? ', ' I ’ m not in the mood . ', 'My boyfriend is a soldier. He was on a leave. I felt sad when we had to get separated again.', "` But my chairman and vice-chairman have given me another year 's contract , and I 'm absolutely delighted to be staying at Nottingham Forest . ", " That's too bad.What kind of accident is it ? Are you all right ? ", "When my mum's brother passed away after having been involved in a car accident.   He was bringing me a present as I had passed my form five exams with flying colours.", 'When my grandmother died. I had lived with her for ten years.', 'After having quarelled with a relative of mine about politics.', ' Why not ? ', 'I get angry when people disbelieve me or misunderstand me.', ' No , but I ended up finding out later that night when I saw her drinking with another man at a club near my home ! ', "That's unfair , Mom . ", 'When I was eight years old my father was run over by a car. When I saw his body I was sad beyond words.', 'When I have to go in for an exam and the examinor is a person with a whimsical character and unsteady requirements.', 'When I heard that I had achieved a place in form I.', ' I know ! Well ... he said I ’ m not pregnant . I ’ m sorry if I got you all worked up over nothing . I want you to know that I didn ’ t do it on purpose ... ', 'Listening to horrot stories at night.', 'My father had bought too many goods for his shop, there was not enough space to store them.', 'Once my father slapped my mother for a small quarrel.', ' How could I feel easy ? I ’ m really pissed . ', "Accountants inevitably greeted the court 's finding with some disquiet . ", 'Lost a friend.', ' I ’ m so jealous . ', " You 're not  vexed , are you ?  he asked incredulously . ", 'I had a very close friend who went to Canada after her F.B, his  departure was unavoidable.  When he came back during the Summer holidays I was very happy as nothing had changed between us.', ' Oh , yes . I like playing basketball . ', 'I had this feeling when my parents distroyed a relationship with a boy because they thought he was bad and irresponsible.', 'Her head turned restlessly on the pillow as she strove to distance herself from the increasingly excited voice of the commentator and the air-splitting whine of the high-revving engines . ', ' Yes . ', 'But he was confronted by an ecstatic welcome from his mother , who was waiting for him on the doorstep . ', 'The last time I was face to face with with the monstrous dog which lives in my street.', 'He was so miserable . ', 'I was attacked by a man at a bus stop at night.', 'I arrived in Vienna in the middle of the night. I asked for some silly information - as I realized myself afterwards - and the inquiry  clerk reacted in a very arrogant manner.', ' Bye . ', 'I came out of the house at 7:20 am Monday morning getting ready t go to school and fight for a parking when I saw my car had a flat tire.', 'When I got my results ( I had made it to the second year ).', 'When I was a child, I had a nightmare. At that time, I was not yet able to tell anybody about it, so I was very frightened. I could not explain myself all that and I had to deal with it by myself.', 'On the edge of slipping and winning... ', 'Livid with rage , he grabs their cameras and rips the film from them , tearing it to shreds and throwing it in the fire . ', 'After completing high-school, I wanted to go abroad for a holiday.  I had never been abroad before and neither had I taken a holiday for a long time.  When finally my parents agreed and we got the airplane tickets I was over joyed.', ' I messed up . ', 'Are you OK ? ', 'I went to the ballet lessons with a little friend in the dark. On a very quiet place a boy approached us from behind and asked at what time the lesson would be finished. I gave him an avoiding answer, he took me up and wanted to run away with me.', 'When my husband and I decided to take a few days holiday after a particularly trying period.', ' How am I going to face the fellows in our office ? They thought I would be promoted . They must be waiting for my good news . ', " They said that they did . I've been so busy ... ", 'I reachad home to find that my baby had not been bathed and fed.', 'An uncle of mine who just retired, having worked hard all his life, got a cerebral hemorrhage.', "My mother was ill and asked me to prpare our lunch. I went to do it, and while I was working, she stayed behind me telling what I had, or not to do. I asked her to stop meddling, and to go to bed. When I went to ask for help to my sister, my mother said that I was proud, that I asked for help only when I wanted and that I wasn't able to cook by myself.", ' Yes , it is . The sun is shining . There is no wind , only a pleasant breeze . ', 'As a child (i.e. 5-7) hiking in reasonably rugged bush and becoming lost for a duration of 5-7 hours.', ' I had a terrible quarrel with my neighbor yesterday . ', 'To his own surprise all his anger against Edouard had evaporated . ', 'When I was a student at the Institute doing my M.Phil degree, one of my professors called me before the convocation and told me \\You have got the gold-medal (first rank) in the university and tomorrow you will be on T.V\\"."', 'I felt very angry after one driver had run over my beloved niece.', ' Why are you choosing to leave a foreign country ? Many people are reluctant to leave the superior living environment abroad . ', "I'm so scared! Is this really how life forces certain circumstances on people? It's so hard. #confused #faith", " Don't tell me you have a record player ! ", 'Breakfast was quite a social affair as we were frequently visited by new found friends in the shape of two fat and very vocal geese , a young swan and a bevy of excited ducks . ', 'If these  movements mean nothing, why do police raid them in the middle of the night and try to censor press in the process? ', '` I \'m sad that it folded , but it \'s come at a good time , " she tells me . ', 'How do you do , Prof.Smith . ', 'The day I encountered a queer mamba face to face in a chunk of leaves behind our house.', 'Market Report : Interest rate fears spread despondency ', 'The price was recognised as much too low and many insurers became worried at the apparent undervaluation of their organisations . ', 'That evening she felt no nervousness at all , just excitement , controlled excitement . ', "At the hardware store, trying to convert Imperial to Metric measurements, I made a mistake, and didn't buy enough tiles for the bathroom. I was angry at myself, because I hope to be a Maths teacher.", ' There was a guy on the sidewalk.He had three new boxes , Panasonic video camera boxes.He said he had to get rid of them quick . ', 'I had studied for almost one week for my physics-examination. With difficulty I passed the exam. I was angry about the teacher and also about myself because I had not remembered enough during the examn and because the time that I spent studying was wasted.', 'Found out my wife (girl-friend?) pregnant.', ' See you . ', 'My poor mother was grief-stricken and all alone . ', "At my grandfather's funeral - My grandparents virtually raised me as my mother was a solo-parent and had to work.", 'When my sister came home late one day and thus disobeyed my parents.', ' Good . ', 'When my grandmother died very suddenly without warning.', " I'm honored to know you . ", " You should've been done already . ", ' Thanks . ', 'And then , unable to be cross with him for long , you shift your feelings over to the critic . ', 'A son should be concerned for his father \'s health . " ', 'Frank ’ s getting married , do you believe this ? ', 'When I am with friends and I do what pleases me this often happenes.', 'Excuse me.Where do I register ? ', 'In fact they encouraged us most warmly , and we shared the general mood of elation at the overall success of the 1974 submission . ', 'George Grindal was pleased that he could turn to the bedside cabinet and take up the feeding glass containing orange juice . ', ' You have 16 balls on the table , 7 solid colored , 7 striped colored , a black 8 ball , and the white ball . ', ' No . ', " What's wrong with heading out with Mark for vacation ? ", 'When the relationship with my girlfriend broke up.', 'How time flies ! ', 'With a grimace , Donal murmured gloomily , ` He wasn\'t exactly ecstatic at my explanation . " ', ' Good idea . Thanks a billion . ', ' nothing else has happened to me , but I have seen quite a few fights on the streets after the bars close . ', "Good luck on your test tomorrow . We'll be crossing our fingers for you ! ", 'When I learned that several people had died in the street due to  the cold weather.', "Wycombe were beaten by Bob Taylor 's 82nd-minute winner , and their disconsolate boss Martin O'Neill said : ` I was actually looking forward to extra-time because I was so sure we would win . ", "SHE was once considered one of the world 's most beautiful women , but yesterday every line etched on Britt Ekland 's face told a story of personal anguish . ", ' How so ? ', 'My boy-friend came home late one night without having told me about it before.', 'Richard Nixon repeatedly expressed his exasperation at having to work with an unresponsive bureaucracy . ', 'Having already paid for my return ticket I was cross at having to buy another one , and even more upset at having to pay extra for the one-way ticket and convert sterling at an unfavourable rate . ', 'The Spirit of causes disease.', 'Franco became very alarmed at this and told him to put his money away immediately . ', 'In the traffic with a car, I nearly got crushed between a bus and a tram.  The attention of other drivers saved me at the last moment.', " I'm sorry , I haven't decided yet . Do you mind giving me a couple of minutes ? ", " I'll beat him . ", " She's 42 . ", " OK , Mum . I'll invite my friends home . ", " I'm not . ", 'When I passed the B.A exams with first class results.', 'Despite our good performance and excellent results the management refused to meet our demands.', 'This feeling I sensed quite recently. It was arisen by the terrific thought that I might lose the man I loved !', 'A certain boy came into my room and started telling me that I was not pretty, that I had no manners and that I should learn some.  I had just come to campus and he was in fourth year.', ' Well , I heard David has been fired . ', ' So Baltimore is winning ? ', 'The girl was glued to the spot , terror-struck , pop-eyed , quivering , knowing for certain that the Day of Judgment had come for her at last . ', 'Discussing psychology with my friends before the lecture.', "Excuse me ! I don't have time to waste . I've been here almost one full hour ! ", "There is only one thing that makes a dream impossible to achieve: the of #failure. Basically I'm saying focus on getting ur mind right", '` Good heavens , no , lady " came the indignant reply . ', 'Every year during carnival I am very joyful I have an intense feeling of happiness then.', "Can't go to bed .. I keep looking at the window hoping that my car won't be robbed& , #vacation", ' Frightened ? You must be joking . ', ' I would love to be surrounded by hills and streams . They ’ re so much better to look at than concrete , rows of parked cars and tall buildings . ', 'In 1960,  I was going to a school which was near my village and I met a lion on the way, which disappeared suddenly.', ' At least more than 100 years old . ', " I 'm frightened for him . ", ' A-what ? ', 'When I went home and there was nobody, I waited till 2 A.M and      still nobody.  I was suddenly scared and anxious as this had never happened before.  In addition my mother was very weak and I feared that she had met with an accident.  Therefore I was anxious  all night.', 'As a child, one evening I had read a novel about ghosts and I had thus spent a sleepless night as I kept feeling that there were ghosts dancing around me.', 'When we were able to afford a new sofa - a leather one which cost SEK 20000.  I had waited for it for 2-3 years.', 'They played throughout the second half in peeved mood , allowing Blackburn to assume the dictating role with Gordon Cowans prompting from midfield and Speedie in predatory form up front . ', ' Yeah . I have got much pressure in the company . I have tobe wrapped upon my work . ', ' Thanks ! We love it . ', 'In 1983, my results at the university entrance exam were very poor - far from what I had expected.   I thought that I would not be accepted at the university.', "While preparing my master's thesis, I was scared that I would not accomplish anything as the subject was rather difficult.", ' How come ? ', 'Giving the mouse hand puppet a gravelly, Michael Gambon-esque voice at Thanksgiving got mixed responses from young cousins. #Laughter', 'Brother provoked anger. It was when mother and father were away and we had to look after ourselves. He accused me of being selfish and a snob.', ' Why ? ', "My teacher's death.", " Well , if I'm not living here anymore , then I won't have to listen to your rules . ", 'I saw a lot of starving people in a T.V news report.', 'I had fear when I was left alone at the bus depot at night. I had problems of how to move to this place.', 'I got angry with a stranger in a train who behaved impertinently and immorally', 'When, as a child, I was nearly knocked down by a car.', 'When I tried to explain to a plumber, face to face, that the toilet was broken and he did not believe it (it had been mended ten times).', ' But how guilty to waste food ! ', "Constant recounting of this tale embroidered it further , describing the woman 's horror as the head , missing the basket , gripped her apron and held on with its teeth ! ", 'When my best friend died, at the age of 16.', ' Certainly . ', 'Will Reseda riot after @NickJacksonYB and I win, tomorrow?  ', 'When I saw a car run over a child, out of carelessness.', 'in any form diminishes my ability to think clearly and trust myself. Why in the world is it used as a tool so often?', ' Shut up ! ', "When my father's new fiancee treats me like a child.  She does not trust me and constantly misunderstands me.  I get particularly angry when she says nasty things about my boyfriend with whom she works.", 'The crowd was wild with excitement . ', ' Too bad . ', 'Hi , Bob . ', ' Apparently I was furious I had not been consulted ', ' Wow , a remote car model and my favorite brand . I really like it . That is so nice of you . ', ' She will be 86 next month . ', 'When I had to move away from home to study, and I knew that I would not be coming back home for a long time.', 'She jumped up , frowning in dismay . ', 'I was accused of a misdemeanour, unjustly.', 'There was one other horrified observer of the scene . ', 'I felt anger when I had a fight with my father, and he beated me. My mother came to help me (because I was beeing beated) and he also beated my mother.', " Oh , Penny , I'm Leonard , glad to meet you . ", 'Quarreling with classmates.', ' Too bad . But , is there any other leather store nearby ? ', 'first, the (batman begins)....then, the #limits (dark knight).....im thinking like,  fucking....#redemption (dark knight rises)', "` You 're cross because I was honest when I spoke to you that night . ", ' Today . ', 'I was hitchhiking and was picked up by a stranger he drove into the woods and wanted to make love with me, I refused and escaped from the car. When walking in the wood and hearing the car I was afraid.', 'My own dismay at the way those kids were savaging the flora of Stonethwaite is a good example . ', 'With a small sigh of exasperation she thrust her feet to the floor . ', "I feel afraid of the way a great friend looks at me, and also a little afraid of the directions that it's going.", ' What is the difference ? ', "When I was transferred from Chichiri Secondary School to St. Mary's Sec. School. I was happy at Chichiri as a day scholer and had made a lot of friends. I was going to a boarding and that meant parting with my friends as well as my boyfriend for the first time.", ' I see . ', 'Unjust punishment of a friend of mine.', 'A person whom I had not seen for a long time called me and invited me for a party.', 'Yussuf had been quite inconsolable . ', 'When I dreamed that I was being attacked by a friend.', "Niggas Tryna Live Off Im Tryna Live Off #Respect Cuz Without It Don't Nobody Give A Fuck About You R/S", ' But the lessons this semester are a little bit hard . ', ' like what ? ', " I don't like the way they sag down . I feel like I have plumber butt in them . ", ' Congratulations ! Susan . I ’ m so happy for you . ', ' Smith . ', ' My condolences . ', ' Certainly.It matches your suit perfectly . ', 'He dipped the cotton wool in the water and dabbed at the livid puffy eyes . ', 'A sunny Autumn day, after a long rainy period.', ' Really , Mary , you ’ re horrible . ', 'I felt joy when I heard that I was accepted for the Free University in Driebergen.', 'Leaving high school.', 'If I mention our separate sleeping arrangements to friends , they are horrified . ', 'A friend of mine could not make it back to university after having failed the exams.', ' No , it ’ s not , your astrology sign can tell you a lot about your personality . See ? It says that an Aries is energetic and loves to socialize . ', "The greatest cause of the Prince 's despondency had been the feeling that he served no useful purpose . ", "Perhaps it was something in the dowager-duchess 's voice that caused it , but Joan to her own dismay burst into tears . ", 'Had an argument with my classmate for borrowed books.', ' Great , is it a two bedroom house ? ', 'Hearing of the death of a friend who had been skiing.', ' Yes . ', 'Passing an examination, although I felt sure I had failed.', 'When fired unjustly from a job as casual bar-person. Charged with giving away free drinks. Not done so and had witnesses to prove it - both patrons and bar staff. Other staff were supportive.', " Totally not . Perhaps it's about our marriage . ", "I had made an appointment with three friends. We had to go out together. When I arrived at the place, the other persons weren't there. I became very angry because I thought they were gone without me. That, however, didn't appear to be the case.", " Why can't I call the police now ? He was definitely following me ! ", 'What do you plan to do for your birthday ? ', ' Lucky her . ', "After my girlfriend had taken her exam we went to her parent's place.", " But what about parking ? You can't park on the street , can you ? ", ' I ’ d like to know why you ’ re always taking credit for work we ’ Ve done together like that line in the new Ice Cream ad ? ', ' That will be great ! Do you have LPs or Cds ? ', " Yeah , that's it . ", "I came across a girl at the school bus-stop, I had seen her several friends as she was a friend's friend.  However my friend had never introduced me to her and when she got off the bus I smiled at her but she did not respond pretending not to have seen me.  Her arrogant behaviour made me sick and angry.", ' well , my boyfriend was supposed to call me last night , but he never did . ', ' Believe it or not , the company I worked for closed down , so I ’ m out of a job . ', 'My mother and my sister carried on picking at me all day long for no reason at all and I ended up getting angry.', ' Much better . My heart sank when Mary told me that she wanted to leave me . ', 'We were in the country and I walked away from the others one night.  Suddenly something moved sharply in front of me and I was not able to see what it was.', 'When I found out that the girl, with whom I was in love, loved me too.', 'When my uncle died whom I had loved very much. I was very sad and I felt totally helpless.', 'But there is no doubt that some of these ideas are causing great disquiet among Branch Management and Staff . ', "When I received the mark well above requirements for the course I wanted to enter, yet I was not accepted - anger at the injustice of it, because I didn't receive early release of H.S.C. marks.", ' OK . Do you want us to bring something ? ', 'A cold draught of air was coming from the kitchen and I found the back door to be wide open -- and then my horrified glance fell upon Aunt Louise . ', 'When I passed my MSCE Exams and was selected to go to college.', 'I was river rafting in Nev. and our boat tipped over and I was sucked under in to some rocks and got stuck and all I could think was that I was going to die. And it was so quiet under the water it seemed like no one would care or remember.', 'When I could not do anything because of a bad back.', 'Thinking of the unknown, what happens at the moment of death, etc.', ' driving and sneezing on the highway', ' Yes , so I want to learn French to develop my career . ', 'I was walking down a little village at night.  There was nobody in the steet.  A dog began to bark, I felt that it was following me.  Then I began to run, the other dogs started barking too.  At last I arrived home.', 'I had been watching a triller a dark night in the country and I had to go the outside toilet on my own. ', ' Well , my mum lost her job yesterday . ', "Some folks r really mean 2 me. That doesn't scare me. What scares me is how ridiculous it became 2 suggest 2 pay for music  ", ' Banker ? ', 'Walking in the dark by myself.', 'Indonesian officials were somewhat miffed Friday when the mayor of Hanover , he took the occasion of welcoming Suharto to lecture him about human rights violations in Indonesia .', ' Not at all . ', 'When I go out with my friend with enough money and good sense to our favorite dancing.', 'My father died last year after an 8-week severe illness.', ' Why ? ', 'It was mid May 1985, When we had a Test on Nursing. My classmate had an answer sheet, so he tried to peep. The Nursing Tutor caught him. During this time I was turning my question paper and it made noise. This friend blamed me of causing the whole matter for him to be caught.', 'By now the priest was becoming exasperated with the child who in turn was becoming ever more stubborn by the minute . ', ' How come ? ', 'When the guy I was in love with told me that he had met someone else and that we would not meet again for a year.  Although we did not have a steady relatioship, we were having an affair.', 'When somebody broke into our home one night when my mother was out, and my sister and I had just gone to bed.', "To have a friend who I didn't see for months, and under the circumstances that I met him made me feel happy, and perhaps because it has been one of the good things that I learned with this friend.", "Mention of the press 's glee at the humiliation of the investigators behind this summer 's high-profile surveillance project Operation Blackbird , who were fooled by an obvious hoax , brings out Tarr 's own nascent conspiracy theory . ", 'What do you make of the case ? ', 'I was teaching someone to drive and when we were about to crash I was scared.', 'Are you all right ? ', 'On my way through lonely streets I met with a huge stray dog. It stopped at some distance and looked at me. I tried to ignore it but I was very frightened.', ' Then shall we keep pure friendship ? ', 'My sippin and thuggin level is off the charts right now. Patrons at dawns are whispering about me. #nohope', " The food wasn't all that exciting . ", 'But they are also nervous that the calculations they make in the next two weeks may determine who will win and lose the political battles of the next two years . ', 'When I got through the first day here at the department.', "` I am supposed to be going there with Sister Agape , but I 'd be pleased if you would take my place . ", " well , I think I was being a little selfish myself . I know they don't get to see each other very often . ", "When I couldn't go for a trip with my friends in a holiday.", 'During a trivial (friendly) discussion, one of the participants made an intervention which made me feel uncomfortable.', 'I ’ Ve had it ! I ’ m done working for a company that is taking me nowhere ! ', "It's silly how we things that #99% won't happen and doubt things that 99% will happen. #FML", ' To be honest , I was just dumped . ', 'His face was completely serious , even slightly mournful . ', "Bob , I'm really upset with you . ", 'Clive also attended , visibly gleeful that he had spared the school any undesirable publicity by unloading me in the nick of time . ', '@Rob0807 I mean, even Archie Manning said complimentary things about us! #gohogs', 'When a girlfriend left me.', "Gina bit her lip as her sister 's anguished sobs echoed over the line . ", ' The view from the hill is so beautiful and relaxing . There ’ s so sign of pollution . The village looks so peaceful . ', 'I wanted to go to Bhopal for relief work (gas tragedy).  My boss simply refused to let me go, I was so angry that the only thought that came to my mind was to quit the job.', 'When we had swimming instruction, we had to take a header from the springboard. I usually refused to do that, but at least I was forced to.', ' Yes . When ? ', " So he said he'd sell me one for twenty dollars . A four-hundred-dollar camera for twenty bucks . ", " Why ? Isn't it obvious ? First you impose way too much on me , and I'm tired away . Second , you stood me up on the Valentine's Day . ", 'When in the end of a semester I got the approval in a matter that I judged very difficult.', ' And in my opinion , medicine is making us healthier . ', ' You know that is tempting but is really not good for our fitness . ', 'Nervous for her safety ? ', 'A party I went to last Christmas.', "Although I have has a lot of support , I feel heartbroken about Henri 's future . ", 'The death of my mother-in-law after a long sick-bed. at the moment of dying I was with her.', "I was rock-climbing and absailing & felt OK, but suddenly as I was going over the cliff I was hit by fear - I couldn't go on absailing down the cliff and had to be actually hauled back up it.", ' I am sorry for that . We will improve the dishes next time . ', ' Do you have a car ? ', 'A friend I had missed very much came to see me unexpectedly.', 'When during Winter the water pipes froze and we did not have any water for two days.', 'It is also likely that by providing minimum standards of living , social services reduce public apathy and dejection and thus maintain the will to work . ', 'One night I had a feeling that somebody was stealing my car, but I was too frightened to go and see.', ' Oh , over there in Pacific Pavilion . ', " I'm sorry , but that's our only available time . ", ' that ’ s interesting . What does your grandfather think of your step-mother ? ', ' Why ? ', 'When I saw my brother in Church, and publically accept Jesus Christ as his saviour and Lord.', ' I can still remember our first date . ', "When my grandmother died - I wasn't sad so much that she'd died because she was old, but because she lived in the last few years in an old people's home and had nothing very much that was hers - no chair, or private space, and when I went to visit she would be sitting in the living room the TV room. It was hopeless. And I felt awkward so I didn't go and I was sad 'cos how I couldn't.", ' Du Kun . ', 'Nicky looked crestfallen but did not dare argue with Constance when she was in this mood . ', 'During a football match, the other team was rude and they hurt my team members and me.  The coach was prejudiced against us and punished us unreasonably.  Later we fought with each other and the match had to be cut short.', 'Then she was silent , staring at him with horrified eyes . ', 'When the robbers broke in, at night.', 'When a thunder belt hit the roof top of the building I was in.', ' How was it ? ', ' Sounds quite fruitful , why do you call it still a nightmare then ? ', ' I turned on my laptop and it broke ! I mean , the monitor went black ! ', 'When I was admitted to the Sofia University.', 'One farmer was livid that he could not go into his local National Park and chop wood for his barbecue . ', 'We are off and have great excitement fishing up treasure ( fake ) tied to bladders . ', " Sorry , I'm engaged for the foxtrot.Will the next Walls be all right ? ", ' Oh , are you ? That sounds interesting . ', 'I felt joyful when I heard that I had been selected for College education.', '@Staff_9, U gotta get aggressive.  out of them lame as plays, s the offense then go down the field. Put in them.', 'When my father married a certain lady. The reception was held at Kasungu town Hall.', 'It was when my Instructor awoke me late at night to get prepared for the training at Military college when he was coming back from his personal social activities.', 'It was when I dreamt that I had encountered Satan, he wanted to grab me and take me to his kingdom.  He was very repulsive and I have never seen anything like that before.', ' So , can I buy some new shoes as a Christmas present ? ', ' Autumn is the best season in Beijing , you know . ', ' Jack ? ', "As the war dragged on Modigliani 's horror at the waste of life increased . ", 'When they tried to rob me.', 'Finding my glasses again after having lost them in town.', 'When I was betrayed by a friend, and decided to stay apart form her.', ' Do you have your library card ? ', 'This was when I was being followed home every day from the campus, by a stranger.  He would follow me to the campus and then sit outside my class.  If I was not there he would ask my friends as to where I was.  He was a dark, ominous looking person and I was terrified of him as I did not know his intentions.  I reported him to the security officer, who turned him over to the police.  I was even more petrified then.', " How dare you be so inconsiderate ? That's wrong . ", 'One day, early morning my mother who is healthy fell ill.  There was no doctor or compounder near by and for a few hours -8 A.M to 6 P.M she did not speak a single sentence, nor did she drink water or  milk.  There was no movement in her body and I felt really scared.  I almost lost my confidence about her survival.', "He refused to be roused by her anger , suspecting she was furious he 'd turned down her invitation to stay . ", 'Lucien made a small , indignant sound , his arms flailing before he recovered his poise . ', 'Riding through a bush fire on an island of Australia - on a pushbike as a little boy - all alone, lost and surrounded by smouldering wood and flame.', ' We can ’ t break into the line . Don ’ t be so impatient . We ’ ll be at the front of the line soon . ', "The day I woke up to find that a kitten I had wanted to keep had been eaten by the neighbour's dogs.  It had been locked out by my wife who claimed that it had dirtied the sheets.", 'Close friend leave to go overseas for an indefinite period. Farewell scene at airport.', ' The Spur . ', 'I was stood up for a date function by someone who I really cared for.', 'I feel a strong anger when I am treated unjustly.', 'Climbing a mountain to see a view, towards the top we suddenly came across a ledge with a nearly sheer drop on either side, which I had to cross.', 'While cycling in the country a dog started running beside me, growling and barking, and trying to bite my foot.', 'On my birthday a friend came to see me unexpectedly and brought me flowers. I usually do not see her very often.', ' he is a nice guy and very considerate . I was impressed with how smart he was and he has a great sense of humor . ', " Oh , that's great . I want to try later . ", 'I got a letter from my best friend, whom I had not heard from for a long time (a good letter).', " I didn't do anything . Finally , he left.But then I saw him again today . Outside the shoe store . Near the cafe . I went into a CD store and pretended I was looking at CD's . But then he came in too . ", 'When I came again in contact with a girl I liked very much. And most important she also liked me.', 'When I heard that I had been selected fot the first year at the university of Zambia.  This was after my form five at Chikola secondary school.', 'In the last year of the high school we had a huge fight between my group and the graduation commission (two students of my classroom) because they accused us unjustly of a gossip about them.', 'A sudden end to the relationship with my first girlfriend.', ' I get it . You want to find a guide , don ’ t you ? ', 'I was in a dark cellar and saw a glowing red point. I thought that it was a person with a cigarette - but it was only the red switch.', 'He \'s concerned what will happen to me . " ', "The time has arrived for @OfficialPWG to strike in the hearts of the fans. I can't wait. #Iwantwrestling", " It's Snow . ", ' Yeah . ', 'Talkiing about the past happy hours with two friends at night in a camp a few months ago.  We shared our feelings, notions and every hidden anxiety.  I thought that they cared for me and I was very happy and satified.', 'People talk about things being awkward, awkwardness only enters a situation if you allow it too, awkwardness comes from ', 'At a certain situation I felt myself neglected and undeservedly harmed.', 'Your house is too small . Why not buy a big one . ', 'When I knew that my husband and I were going to have a child.', 'The dying of a close member of the family.', ' But she means a lot to me . ', ' That ’ s too bad . I ’ m sorry to hear that . ', 'At my Summer job, nobody looked after me in particular and I had to learn all on my own.', " I'm sorry . Our company has just opened . There are always too many things to handle . You know that . ", 'Suddenly , a wave of tiredness swept through her and she closed her eyes for a moment , during which the girl remained quiet , but visibly agitated and eager to be getting on with her work . ', ' I am worrying about it too . I want to install a security door . ', 'The repeal movement \'s national leadership , alarmed about Hopkins \' activities , wrote warning her against any collusion with the enemy . " ', ' Sort of . I played golf on my computer ! ', 'Country folklore has it that dobies were actually the sad little GHOSTS of unwanted or plain women , who would fumble around the house trying to be useful until their spirits had been exorcised . ', ' Sure . ', 'There was a sofa in my flat which belonged to the old tenants who were acquaintances.  It should have been picked up a year ago but they had postponed it.  Eventually they decided on one date and I stayed at home despite the fact that I had other things to do.  They did not come, nor did they call and they still have not got in touch with me.', ' Have you ? ', 'The reporter , whose English was stilted and hesitant , tried to get an answer from a miffed Atherton who refused saying he had already answered the same question .', "You couldn't simply ignore the fact that he had sentenced you to death , but it was important to let him know that you weren't rattled . ", 'Excuse me . My bag was stolen , will you help me ? ', " I'm 32 . ", 'I had too much homework and examinations and I did not know how to organize my work.', "A friend who shares the room with me, opened the window in the morning and left the room the whole day. When I came home in the evening, the room was so cold that I couldn't stay there.", 'At the tender age of eleven a friend and I left a party and proceeded to walk through dark and secluded streets of a bad neighborhood to find a telephone (recent spate of Horror Movie watching had occurred).', 'How are you ? ', ' Oh , shut up , Roy . ', 'In a social situation I became interested in a woman. We talked, we laughed, we enjoyed each other. She disappeared for a few minutes, and a little after appeared with an other man.', ' How come you think of him that way ? ', 'When my mother died in August 1978.', "Look me in my eyes, please don't be scared of me, I remember you, this feeling isn't you, so please don't be scared of me. ", "I was really pissed when the Russians boycotted the '84 Olympics. I had anger towards them and Jimmy Carter. I was very anxious to see it.", 'Bernice was so angry she could hardly speak . ', " Well , I confess . I did it , because I urgently need money to buy some medicine for my mother for she is badly ill . I'm ashamed that I did that . ", 'Told by some people the class leader only choose his friends (not true).', ' Thanks . ', 'The first important truth for voters in such spirits is that , in their dismay about recent economic and political errors , they are forgetting the immense Tory achievements which preceded them , and are now at risk again . ', "I can't believe Mr . Fro didn't buy it . Who does that guy think he is anyway ? Bill Gates ? ", 'He must be miserable . " ', ' Mmm . ', ' That sounds fine . ', " Don't I have any rights ? ", "I'm worried sick that she will leave me tomorrow . ", ' Why not ? ', "The performance is amazing . I'm curious about how they did it . I mean the way they sing . ", 'Her tone was sad . ', 'She thought he seemed sadder and older and somehow lonely . ', " Such an eye ! The true hazel eye-and so brilliant ! Regular features , open countenance , with a complexion , Oh ! What a bloom of full health , and such a pretty height and size ; such a firm and upright figure ! There is health , not merely in her bloom , but in her air , her head , her glance . One hears sometimes of a child being ' the picture of health ' ; now , she always gives me the idea of being the complete picture of grown-up health . She is loveliness itself . ", "Just had a great movie marathon with my wonderful roommate   #wawa #chinese can't get any better than that :)", 'When at school, I threw a duster at another child and hit him in the head. The blow caused a flesh wound and I was afraid of what would happen to me when the teacher found out the circumstances.', 'I tried to talk to my parents over the phone, as I wanted to go home for the week-end and I knew that I would not be able to bear it.  I tried to reduce the gulf and the conflict between us by talking in order to unite our worlds.  Result : hysterical mess, blinding and blaming.', 'I was studying in the library and a class-mate told me that she had obtained a grant to work in the library.', 'For Andrew , the trip up to London to the awards ceremony attended by the Princess of Wales , was almost overshadowed by his excitement over his first journey on a train up to the capital . ', 'He felt suddenly deeply depressed . ', " Thanks for the advice . I'll talk to my fiance about it tonight . ", " Well , you always say you're busy . ", 'They stared at one another in dismay , the sad , small wickedness of their friends and neighbours strewn around their minds like dirty confetti from a party long past . ', 'At end of school - function to \\celebrate\\" ? Leaving friends who I\'d known for up to 12 years."', ' Fine , then ! If that ’ s the way you feel , so be it . But you ’ re losing out on a great opportunity here . I ’ m going to go hit up Mum for the cash . ', ' Too bad . ', 'Someone called me a disgusting nickname.', 'Of course , it entails extra work , but there is a sense of excitement and children like dressing up . ', 'When I received the acceptance form for the second year at university.', 'It was winter/spring and the ice was melting.  I was far out on a jetty and I poked the ice with a long branch to try and break it.  The branch went through the ice and I fell in, the water closed in over my head.', 'My anguish must have shown in my face and in my voice . ', 'He smiled a little , without altering the sad expression . ', 'I dont know how I can let someone in again, the of a repeat is greater than my fear of being shot... #Rough', 'He looked so downcast that even Angalo patted him on the shoulder . ', " Isn't there any coach to teach you how to ski ? ", 'Long illness.', "I got my driving licence after they had frightened me with it's difficulty.", 'I was particularly pleased at the emphasis on investment in education and training , in science research and development and the commitments he gave on transport and health and community care . ', "If you say your not scared of anything , it's a lie .. is in everyone .. But you have to fight it .. Because , beyond fear is #victory", ' good idea . ', " I wish it wasn't , but there is actually a lot of crime and prostitution around here . ", ' Why ? ', 'After having finished my B.Sc, I was struggling hard to continue my studies and had taken the M.SC exam.  I was not sure that I would be selected in the written exam.  When I saw my name in the selected candidates list I was overjoyed.', 'His moist mouth suckled , and when she gazed down at his rapt , contented face she knew that she was lost to him . ', 'Okay , can I ask you something direct ? ', 'When I was accepted as a student of psychology.', ' Wow . That sounds like a lot of fun . I am sorry I missed it . ', ' It is . Hurry up ! You ’ ll be late for school . ', 'I acted in an English play in college and got the Best Actress award, while our play got the first place.', 'She felt the anguished tears of motherhood blur her vision and blinked them away . ', 'When a friend of mine was drawn into a fight because of the stupid gang he belonged to. I felt angry with him and his friends. They could not think about anything sensible, but would fool around without taking into consideration the feelings of other persons', 'I felt elated , especially when he said , ` I \'m looking for an actor just like you . " ', "When a friend carelessly broke and object in my parent's house and did not apologize, or pay, or anything.", "I had to tell someone that I was interested in remaining celibate and alone. And that my spiritual master strictly prohibited sexual relations outside of marriage. This caused great fear through lack of conviction afraid to hurt someone's feelings despite my own being hurt in the process.", ' Of course . ', 'When a close friend of mine collapsed and passed away and the illness was not known.', "As a toddler she filled in concentric circles provided for her amusement by her father 's youngest brother , young enough to be her own big brother . ", 'She smiled , as if pleased at displaying her superiority . ', 'When the results of the part I exams came out I felt tremendous joy in my heart.  The results came out after a long period of worry and anxiety, so it gave me endless relief and joy.', 'I asked someone to go out and she accepted right away.', 'Jack , let ’ s go ! ', " It's brown . ", 'Once, during a performance I did not sing the way I had to.', 'Day I received my T.E. score and acceptance into my chosen course. ', ' Yes , I am . ', '@JonKeenNLSports toss the 2004 aside, get one from 1999 and well turn up some Will Smith...  the new Millennium!', 'A truck (big one) nearly mowed me off the road (I was driving a small Lazer).', 'Well , I ’ d better get back to work . I ’ Ve got a ton of stuff on my desk ! ', 'Mr Kinnock says the Prime Minister is too frightened to debate the issue . ', " Then , why didn't you try to prevent it in the beginning ? ", ' Why ? ', 'I was afraid when my boyfriend came home because my parents disapproved him of his coming home. I thought they would chase me out of the house.', 'When I feel lonely, perhaps because I have to study a lot and I am shut up in my appartment.  Nothing happens in particular because there is no time for anything else.', "Time had struck 8 o'clock when I heard from the radio that I had been selected to Robert Blake Secondary School for Form I. I was very happy for the selection. My parents and I were very happy and full of joy.", 'There was a cup final match between Limbe Leaf Wanderers and Silver Strikers and someone promised to give me some money for admission fee to watch this game. Unfortunately he did not give me.', 'The message was clear as members of Gloucestershire county council turned up to todays budget meeting , with protestors , anxious over the scale of impending cuts urging councillors to think again before wielding the axe . ', 'How are you ? ', ' Like what ? ', 'I was biking with my boyfriend, the sun shining after a long period of bad weather, afterwards we spent the evening and night together.', 'Clare was devastated and swore that she would never go back to school again . ', '` I am desolate that Anthony has died . ', ' Sure . ', 'When I discovered that my girlfriend was going around with another boy.', ' Why not ? ', ' Yes . Why ? ', '` I only hope you \'re right ! " he said in anguished tones . ', 'We were in a disco and the evening was not at all pleasant.  Despite my not knowing why, I was angry with my companion.  I let him feel my bad humour as I cannot hide my feelings.', " We'd like to . Can you tell me when we go ? ", ' Speaking . ', ' he is tall and slim , fair-haired . ', " After six months , my college life will come to the end . The following trouble will be the job-hunting . That's really a headache . ", " You're just jealous because you didn't do as well as you thought you did . Admit it . ", 'How old are you ? ', ' A Capricorn is serious-minded and practical . She likes to do things in conventional ways . That sounds just like you ! ', "I'm very annoyed at your disobedience . ", 'Students fear many things but we seem to fear the examinations most of all. I remember I was horror stricken before my microbiology exam, because it was a decisive one.', "She regarded the wife of former Beirut hostage Jackie Mann as a ` dear friend' and was heartbroken she could not see her before she died of lung cancer on November 30 . ", 'He became very depressed for some time before he could reassess himself , start to use his considerable abilities and begin courting his wife again . ', 'It was extremely sad to me when I heard that a patient who I was taking care of in hospital had passed away. He had some abdominal pains.', 'When we decided, my boyfriend and I, that we would separate, I realized that he would have wanted to continue our relationship and the coming separation hurt him.', " I've tried , but I can't stand the bald man talking so loudly in the program . ", 'When my girl and I decided to get back together after our separation.', ' I think so . ', 'My current lover and I had been very busy with work and study and had not had time alone together for almost a month until one afternoon recently when we made love for hours and then showered and ate together.', ' So what ? ', ' Oh no . ', 'When I passed an exam which I had failed last year.', ' You ’ re questioning my ability ? I tell ya , I can make it ! I ’ ll talk to your boss . ', ' Not bad . ', '` I thought they must have had a quarrel , " Brand said , and I had the impression he wasn\'t heartbroken about it . " ', ' I feel life is meaningless without him . ', 'We were driving a car of a friend of mine when we turned in the wrong direction towards an unknown district, and nearly drove down a precipice.', 'After a hard day at the university I also had to make dinner that evening. It failed because of a frying pan which broke.', " He's a sad dog . He came to the wedding in jeans ! ", 'not afraid of tomorrow, for I have seen and I love today', 'Recently I felt very sad without any reason. It lasted for a few days. There was nothing I liked in that period.', 'My brother accused me undeservedly before my parents. I was not guilty. He was misled by his wife.', '@GE_LovingHer: When fear knocks on your door, answer with faith! VS #Faith”', ' Bye ! ', "Bruno's . ", 'I felt pierced to the heart , dejected and lonely . ', 'I was away to school (Primary). In my abscence my young brother at home got sick suddenly. My parents took him to hospital. On the way he died. It came to me as a sad, sudden and shocking news and I felt very sad.', ' OK . ', " What did I do ? I haven't done anything . ", " Sorry , I've got people coming over tomorrow night . ", ' Math , sheath . What ’ s the evidence ? ', ' No . ', "He ignored the affronted expression that crossed Isabel 's face at this sardonic rejoinder , and continued . ", 'When I pass an examination which I did not think I did well.', '@cmhegan @twohandsjack1 @jamesguest1 @SGuest82 @mdleslie56 Cummins/Cutting to lead the attack for next 10 years - Ambrose/Walsh ', "@IslamChat: You should have the of losing one's softness in the heart and its hardening.", "If you use a fax card you 'll be ecstatic to see that WorldStar has the capacity to create fax files in a matter of seconds . ", "Alexei 's expression was anguished , and it was clear that he wished himself elsewhere . ", ' Oh , very interesting . And what about Rita ? She was such a bright child — always reading . ', "Now her vivid imagination had no difficulty in showing her how Mark 's last drive alone must have been , how miserable he must have felt . ", 'When I was first taken to the dissection room where I found 10 dead human bodies.', 'The bouncer \'s glee , the masculine grunts in the background of ` Quite right , too " , were a timely reminder of surviving and thriving misogyny , and of the petty power struggle it engenders . ', 'But her symbolic stance emerges at a time when there is considerable disquiet over the imaging of children . ', "When one of my relatives went out at night leaving me and my friend alone, I cheated my parents that she didn't go out, after they had heard that she was out, I was afraid that she might have beaten me.", ' I ’ m pretty tired . I haven ’ t been sleeping well . ', 'When I received the results from my final examination - Higher School Certificate - and received a mark that was beyond my wildest expectations.', ' Yes , sir . ', "I shrug my shoulders , for no matter how mad he gets , he can't duff me in , he 's stuck in bed , which is his hard cheese . ", "I liked to see off my aunt (from Zaire) to the airport. That appeared to be impossible because I had to go to school. For long time I wasn't sure if I could accompany her. Two days before the departure they told me I was allowed to miss school.", ' I sure did . ', 'Passed the last exam.', " Well , you know how I am about exams . I'm a perfectionist . ", 'Felt joy a few years ago when I was away on holiday. And sat very close to my best friend looking straight into the eyes.', ' You can ’ t take me to jail ! What about my sleigh ? It ’ s Christmas Eve ! I have presents to deliver ! Rudolph ! Prancer ! Dancer ! Get help ! ', 'Would you like to stretch your legs ? ', 'It happened that my brother promised to give me money for school and then he told me that he had failed to fulfil his promise a day before school started. I became so angry for I thought my future would be ruined.', 'When I had left my home, my father, under false pretences, got me in his car and drove home where we were all alone. He was seethed with rage because I withraw from his authority. He hit me, kicked me and threatened me.', "When anybody wants to make me feel guilty. For example: I should do something for my mother, but things didn't go as she hoped. Then she threatens: I'll do it myself.", ' So see you . ', ' How about tango ? ', 'A friend (female) and I were on holiday on Great Barrier Island by ourselves. One night we were nearly raped by about 20 locals - they came to our bach and tried to break the doors down. All of them were stoned or drunk and we hid under the bunks and were totally terrified. Eventually these guys gave up and went looking for us on the beach. We escaped and slept in the bush for 2 nights.', ' Absolutely . ', "When I did not get the salary increase that I had been expecting and understood how little one's work was appreciated.", 'On my birthday I got a present that I had desired for a long time.', "I typed up a letter for this physician at work. She didn't care for my style, even though she was not using correct English. I told her it was her letter and we would do it her way.", "A sudden doubt made me run for a long time in a rainy autumn night. When I reached the intended place I saw my beloved in another man's arms. A sudden blow, grief, I cannot qualify it, it is painful for me to remember about it.", " How many chances have I given you , I've given up on you . ", 'Holmes is happy having the freedom of the house when we are out . ', 'A classmate told me I must have bribed the class leader to let me go to your English lecture.', 'A drummer who had borrowed my drums destroyed both the drumskin and the sticks.  He did not repair them nor did he tell me about it.', 'After 3 weeks I saw my girlfriend again.', 'Queen Margaret came out of the church , a veil covering her grief-stricken face . ', ' Well , thank you , Mr . Smith . But I was just doing my job . ', 'Unexpectedly I met some persons who I like very much. Spontaneously they invited me and integrated me within their group, although it was late in the evening.', 'A friend of mine told me that I had passed the entrance exam to the university.', " You'd better get on with your homework ! You can practice on Sunday . ", ' Bob . ', " You've got so many cousins . I called you later that night . But you didn't have the guts to answer the phone . ", 'I was delighted to see the photograph of the staff from Department One , published in the January/February issue of Wimpey News . ', 'When the result of a project work was treated nonchalantly intead of being criticized by the teacher.', 'A faint cry of anguish came from the direction of the bed . ', 'I was in ILHA GRANDE with a wonderful sun, with wonderful people, with a wonderful sea, with a wonderful boy.', " Well , yes , I am . I'm worried about my work . I've just taken a new job . I earn a lot of money but it's difficult work . I'm always afraid of making a mistake . ", ' This is really a sad story . Did they trace back your luggage ? ', 'But the sense of elation was short-lived . ', "'The spirit of is from the evil one.Satan IS THAT spirit", 'A co-worker and I had to rush a project. I was only working there for one month and he for some years. Instead of letting me know that he wanted to do the project himself, he went to the superviser and let the superviser tell me to let the co-worker do it himself since he was quicker at it.', ' Yeah . I studied on Sunday evening . What about you ? ', ' You bet it . ', " That's helpful . Thanks . But what do you think about philosophy . I wanted to take that class this semester . ", 'When I was doing my last year at Secondary School I was robbed of my clothes, wristwatch and my pair of shoes. After investigations it was found that all the things were stolen by one of the boys in our hostel.', "I have a complaint to make . I've just been badly treated by a rude maid . ", " Me too , it's so unreliable . ", 'My friend who was in the Bago was kicked out of the sorority.', ' It ’ s slow . Hurry up ! The bus goes at twenty to eight . ', 'Several good friends made me a surprise visit and this made me happy.  They are my closest friends and we had not seen each other for a long time.', 'The tranquility of the night , the chirping of some insects , everything is so natural ! ', ' This party is going to have a DJ , food , and drinks . ', " Yes . I thought it was excellent . Didn't you ? ", 'I am really exhausted , you know , I have been working without the weekend for two weeks . My boss always asks us to work overtime . ', 'If I failed to do so , he would become exasperated and start shouting at me , telling me how stupid I was ; whereupon I would dissolve into tears and rush out of the room . ', 'During the Christmas holidays, I went to see my parents and stayed with them for two weeks. After two or three days, we had the same conflicts we had had ten years before when I had lived with them. They were glad when I left.', ' He followed me all the way home ! ', 'I turned the knob of my granny\'s two band radio and did not hear any broadcast,  \\ What ! Have I broken the knob ? How much does it cost ? What if the spare part is not available ? \\"  --I did not know how to tune a radio."', 'Once late at night (around midnight) a person asked me to give him a lift. He suddenly tried to attack me but I could escape. After this he followed me for a little while.', " Please look at the sky.Don ' t you see the dark clouds ? It's going to rain soon . ", ' Thursday . ', 'When I accepted Jesus Christ as my personal saviour.  ', ' Like what ? ', 'When I first suffered from syphilis.', "Sometime back, my boyfriend and I were having a walk nearby my parent's house. Suddenly we met my grandfather and I was afraid that he would report to my parents.", ' Something awful happened . We went to the Portobello Road , and someone stole my handbag . ', 'Agnes watched with amusement as his interest quickened or faded with each phrase . ', "They were furious Mr Reynolds had accused their leader , Des O'Malley , of being dishonest . ", 'When I got the loan for my studies.', ' I could stand to lose a few pounds . Having a car has made me lazy . I never end up walking anywhere ! ', 'A late Saturday night I found myself locked in the central underground station of Stockholm with a group of 50 hard rockers who were drunk and equipped with various kinds of chains, etc.', " That's kind of you to say . But ... the stuff we do here hasn't really challenged me very much at all . ", 'My mother in law slept in my bed.', 'When my red-cheeked, content child runs to meet me in the yard of the kindergarten and gives me a moist kiss on my cheek.', ' Make sure to take proper care of this video . ', "Stop running around in front of the TV , will you ? Why don't you just sit and watch ? ", ' A warrant for what ? ', ' I admire plum blossoms very much . It seems that only it can blossom in the cold winter . ', 'When I met my new girlfriend with another man in the street.', 'I was very sad when I heard that my Auntie had passed away.', " My colleagues quickly get promotions , while I always get sidelined . I don't know what to do anymore . ", 'Finding out about some girls who have been nice to the class leader in order to go to the neuropsychology lectures (English ones).', 'It was a pretty despondent group that sat around the fire of the LRDG patrol , each sunk in his own thoughts . ', 'I was sexually assaulted one night by a stranger.', 'On reaching the Fish I let out a cry of triumph , overjoyed to have got there while conveniently forgetting the Verdon-like wall which lay above . ', " I'm sorry . I can't . What does the note say . ", ' I did . ', 'A friend misunderstood me.', 'Insulted by the class leader.', 'Talking to a close friend.', ' And let them ruin my life ? Forget it ! ', 'Afterwards , he was quietly ecstatic . ', "To Shiona 's absolute horror , Jake had blamed her . ", ' Number 261 . ', ' I ... I ... I miss my parents , also they miss me . ', 'It was last week on Saturday night when I was at Mchesi. I feared to cross the London River Bridge to come back to School due to darkness - until somebody had to escort me.', 'Though relieved , and fiercely delighted that she had apparently stopped him in his tracks , Polly was apprehensive about going back up on deck . ', 'I felt happy at the settlement of our marriage, even though we are from different sociolinguistic backgrounds our parents agreed to the wedding without any conflict or discussion.  We had  thought that they would object to the wedding but it did not happen. ', "The most beautiful part of the ceremony was the delight on Todd 's face as he was wheeled close to the altar to receive the Eucharist with his arms outstretched . ", 'But her annoyance over the pictures could not distract Catherine from her latest -- and biggest -- ambition . ', "No one was more pleased about Dara 's demise than Roshanara Begum . ", ' 15 people . ', "Hi , my name is Lean , and I'm from Russia . ", ' What is it ? ', ' Not much , except that my mother-in-law is driving me up the wall . ', "On the way home from Marstrand I was driving behind my father's car.  Another car tried to push in front of my father and he was forced to swerve and he thus collided the car with a pillar.  The other car drove off without even seeing what had happened.", 'Held under water by a large wave and thought I was drowning.', '" Don\'t be cross with Jenny , " James said almost reading her mind . ', 'They  should make a second  movie where  wears the ring of ', 'When I had gone to a school picnic and was left behind in the forest.', " It's me , Ali . There's this strange guy who keeps coming around . He's been here three times this week . ", 'A reoccurring fear that something will happen to my relatives.', " Sorry , I made a mistake . They're on the right side of the TV . ", ' Hobbies are never too late to learn . They offer a variety of classes at the local community college . You should look into it . ', 'When one teacher unjustly gave me zero in a test saying that I was cribbing.', 'When my little brother passed away mysteriously, at least from what I was told about it.', "There was no excitement about my first bra -- I even had to pay , because my mum claimed I didn't need one ! ", 'Realising that something had gone wrong , the alarmed miner was making his way out of the pit . ', ' No , I forgot to buy some . ', 'When I was at a party I met an old friend from an adult education course.  We had not met for 2 years but had both thought a lot about each other.  A wonderful experience. ', 'When one has arranged to meet someone and that person arrives late, in the meantime one starts thinking about all that could have gone wrong e.g a traffic accident.', ' Oh right ... present company excluded , of course ! ', 'NURSES are being given acting lessons -- to help them cope with irate patients . ', "Moreover , now that she had achieved the heart 's desire for which she had turned on her shameless , neurotic display , she had become dejected , and walked along meekly , head and tail hanging . ", 'Misunderstood by a close friend for the wrong reason.', 'At school when I had a shouting argument with a friend over my ability to carry out a particular duty in the correct way without harming her.', ' I don ’ t agree with you . I maintain that we ’ re healthier , wealthier and wiser than we were a hundred years ago . ', '` I mean , look at this one , " said the interviewer , becoming quite indignant and picking one of the schools \' letters contemptuously from the pile . ', ' No . ', " It's brown . ", 'Why is it so easy to like someone and so difficult to tell em about it? ', 'I had a very horrible dream one night, I dreamt that I had fallen off a very crowded train.', 'I went on a picnic to the country side park.  The beautiful scenary made me feel relaxed and every worry disappeared , thus the picnic was worthwhile.', 'When someone tried to rape one of my best friends and he claimed it was her fault. He the hassled her, claimed she was loose, and threatened to sue her.', "Nizan 's despair in 1939 at the Nazi-Soviet pact and the Soviet invasion of Poland echoed Sartre 's despair in 1956 at the Soviet repression in Hungary . ", ' Does that mean studying all the time ? ', 'I was going to knock down a pedestrian with my car.', 'I was on my surf ski. Rather large waves to strong current separated me from my ski and we both began to drift slowly (actually rather quickly) away to sea. The direction I was drifting in was taking me straight over a reef on which rather large sharks were constantly being caught. (I was alone with no one to help me).', ' Anthony , you were caught making international calls from the office phone , you called in sick in eight times this month and you smell like alcohol ! ', 'Oh . I just wanted you to shut up . You were off-key anyway . Let me see that ! ', 'At about midnight I had to go by bike through Graz alone. On the whole it was a distance of several kilometers. A car followed me through the streets. Only when I went into a one-way street the car disappeared. The rest of my way home I was very afraid.', 'What do you plan to do for your birthday ? ', ' Barbara . But please , just call me Barb . ', 'Hi ! My name is Mike . ', "Brazil , for example , was miffed that the summit wasn't scheduled for a date after inauguration of its new president next month .", ' My mother just passed away last Tuesday . ', ' What ’ s wrong ? I want a break from this horrible job . ', 'Is it weird that I have a of typing in the wrong thing when I know I was typing too fast, and sent it w/o checking?', " Yes . I'm fond of playing the chess and I'm very keen on playing cards . ", ' American . ', "I'm scared that she might not come back . ", 'With a grunt of exasperation , Henry leapt across the room and into the yard , crossing the space between kitchen and dining room until he reached the stables . ', " I'll drink to that . Thanks for making this a night worth remembering . ", ' Talks Going Well? Most Pissed Off with  Play Acting and Playing Dangerous Games #FLASHMEN? #skynews #skypapers', 'When I nearly caused a traffic accident with my car.', 'Both sisters looked alarmed at the thought of possible further deterioration . ', 'I was walking home with a friend at night along a quiet street.  Something started rustling in the bush : it was an exhibitionist.', 'When I found out that a set task (i.e. 2 essays and a test), the thought of which had oppressed me, were not on the date I had thought.', 'Leaving Melbourne to move interstate - leaving relatives and friends behind.', 'When I won a tennis match.', 'When I passed the university entrance exam.  I had thus finished with a difficult period of my life and I was about to begin one which I had desired a lot.', "Alexandra was extremely excited , over-excited in Janet 's opinion . ", 'I got the impression that he was extremely alarmed about his own position and was determined to eliminate any risk for himself by a massive change of Government . ', 'Several days after my final examination at school, I was sitting in an airplane on my way to Greece. I enjoyed that moment very much.', '@TBLightning Cats are afraid of water. Water=rain. Rain=storms. Storms=LIGHTNING. Therefore Panthers Lightning. #gobolts.', ' Why not ? ', 'what a nice garden ! Look at these tulips ! ', ' Get out of my store , you jerk ! ', " that's true . Every month , I spend hundreds of dollars on gas , insurance , and repairs . ", ' I may have done a lot , but none is to my satisfaction . ', "When the marchers passed the city 's overhead railway , two trains hooted in solidarity , to the crowd 's delight . ", '   Its a big distraction from our lives. They create the illusion of so we accept their Solutions. $$', "Taheb 's face became sad . ", ' Hum ... ', ' Hi , Joe . ', 'He must be pretty mad at her for not being at home when they arrived . ', 'At an irrevocable loss (with respect to human relations).', 'Kevin Keegan , the Newcastle manager , was not downhearted , even though the result leaves his side deep in relegation trouble . ', " He gets mad when Gary doesn't sleep , he says it 's my fault , he says I make him do it  and   She stopped again . ", 'Once I was stopped by the police in Spain, when I had some \\grass\\" in my tobacco."', ' A tie ? ', " Why ? It's in mint condition ! ", 'He looked most disconsolate . ', 'this bloody computer ! ', 'Clattering on , trying to hold five ponies and eat an ice-cream , Perdita was not amused to hear whoops and noisy hooting behind her . ', ' Then stay away . No one is keeping you from doing that . ', ' Security , Dan , security ! You can never be too safe you know ! A lot of sickos out there . Just the other day they caught that peeping tom red handed ! Had a high power telescope and binoculars by his window . ', 'It was some years ago when one evening some people came home and told us my father was badly injured in an accident.', "Both were crestfallen after Stevie 's erratic performance on the 17th . ", ' Someone just robbed me . ', 'It emerged that , in conscious and especially in excited or agitated patients , the drug produced a remarkable state of inactivity or indifference . ', ' Listen to some music ? And who ’ ll cook dinner ? Will you ? ', " She's looks very healthy.How old is she ? ", 'When my best friend got a boyfriend. Because of this a relationship of ten years was finished abruptely.', 'However , she had no intention of revealing her gratification to Anne . ', 'Car accident nearly occurred between us and drunk driver coming in opposite direction it missed us by approx 1 m and collided (after rolling twice midair) into nearby scrub.', ' If you think that she is not fair with your work then you should talk to her in person instead of stewing over it . ', 'The quarrel between my  parents.', 'As I was taking venous blood from another patient I introduced air into the place of puncturing and there was a swelling which is dangerous to the patient hence I became afraid.', 'I gave some personal information to a friend of mine, and he told it to some others who were implicated in the affair.', " for giving me high final project scores. Now to get A's on all my finals right....  ", 'I have a boyfriend and I am very fond of him. When we had our \\11-months jubilee\\", I had forgotten it. But he gave me a red rose."', ' You bet ! ', 'Hey , Ted . What are you up to this Friday ? ', 'When a professor of this faculty laughed at, and was suspicious of a composition written by a class-mate and me.', 'Before Uni started, I had to leave home and take up residence in Brisbane (the \\big smoke\\") leaving home, my family, and moving to such a big place was quite intimidating at first, and I was anxious about it."', " Every day I have less money ! I haven't spent anything , it is just melting away because of the shifts in exchange rate . ", ' I think someone is stalking me . ', ' So do I . Let ’ s go to other areas to see what they have got , shall we ? ', " let's go to a car dealership . I'll help you try to sell your car for a good price . ", ' Oh , Where is that ? ', 'Almost had a bicycle accident.', ' I know . ', ' Why not ? ', ' 3,500 yuan . ', 'My younger brother destroyed and gave away some of the books that I had intended to keep for as long as possible.', "Haven't been frightened for ages.", "There was amusement in Jake 's voice , but there was something else as well . ", 'I felt joy when I entered at the University.', ' Mother Nature is quite an artist . ', "My brother wanted me to buy a flute with him but I didn't accept afterwards I regretted it because he became sad.", "I 'm not surprised he 's feeling peeved . ", ' Not untill the end of this year , you know , just before my wedding . ', 'Taking a chemistry midterm.', 'My life-partner, who was drinking more and more, spoke about kicking the cat.  He had never done anything of the kind, but I knew that he would do so one day, without thinking about it.', 'When I was walking on the street, a group of drunk, bawling young people approached.', "what's up ? ", ' Thank you . ', 'And our hero in his turn , felt despondent and fearful , for his little grey mentor had given him no instructions for this eventuality . ', " I didn't sleep a wink last night . ", ' I see . ', ' Oh , thank you for pointing that out . By the way , have you been following NBA for this season ? ', 'The high school entrance exam.', 'I felt fear when I sat for one of my exams. Though my fear was not quite justifiable, I still remember about it.', 'I had applied for a job and they had assured me that the exams would take place a few months later.  A week later I went to obtain some more information and they told me that the exams had already taken place.', 'Before the department meeting my friend ate a dish that I had prepared for this meeting.', 'I was about to begin a journey in a car with an acquaintance of mine.', 'I was angry about several drivers who showed an aggressive and dangerous driving habit.', 'My hands dart indignantly about my desk as if they were offended mice , opening files , annotating minutes , picking up the receiver . ', ' Why ? ', 'When my brother had an epileptic attack and I was scared as to what would happen to him.', 'Unable to help herself , Mrs Abigail made a vexed noise . ', ' Whatever am i going to tell me parents . ', 'A four year girl ran away from her father straight in front of my car.  I was forced to use the emergency brakes.', " I'd say all you've done is moved the dirt from the windows on to your face and hands . Disgraceful ! ", 'When a pick-pocket robbed me of my money (K20) while I  was buying bathing soap.', 'I am currently taking CS 50P. I had to finish a couple of assignments but I was hindered because I could not get a passing score on my program.', ' fear is memory and is projecting it into the future. Guilt comes from pain with blame. Primary pain creates depression', 'During a demonstration I climbed up the closed central door of a bus.  When the bus stopped I had to go back to the same place, afraid that the police would see me.   ', "Goebbels himself had signed her travel papers under pressure from his sympathetic wife Magda , who had mistaken Lais 's hysterical sobs for sorrow at Karl 's death . ", "When I was 15 I was in a depressed state and I thought , I 'll do these last paintings about the end of the world and then I 'll end it . ", 'Also some disquiet surrounds the production of " second generation " vaccines using genetically engineered microbes to make fragments of viruses . ', 'They gossip and joke and giggle like schoolgirls : very different from their daughters-in-law who are sometimes seen shuffling behind them , heavily veiled and silent and with the downcast eyes of prisoners under guard . ', "I experienced this feeling when I was accepted as a student. Because everything turned out different from my expectations. Although I passed the exam successfully I was accepted as a student only when I didn't expect it at all, namely at the beginning of September.", ' You know our boss always trying to save the last penny . We have to use up the equipment first . ', 'The last time I had sex.', 'Passed an exam by 2 points.', ' No , it has three bedrooms and three beds , and has a living room with a twelve-foot ceiling . There ’ s a two-car garage . ', 'A boy I look after for the probation service deliberately offended to provoke a reaction from the police.', "I couldn't be with a girl on whom I was very keen.", 'Car accident. Travelling as a passenger along narrow bitumen road at night - trying to overtake semi-trailer. The truck pulled over onto our side and we hit the wet dirt, swerved back into the truck, back onto the verge, over a guide post and into a ditch.', 'I feel sadness when I only imagine that I could lose a close person. Some time ago I lost a man whom aI greatly respected.', 'Seeing a stray dog run right pass you on Morehouse campus.. ', " It's the end of the world for me . ", "You didn't ring me last night . You said you would . ", 'They left behind them broken glass , tyre marks on the road and another exasperated shop owner . ', '@Goldberg can I get a RT for @OfficialPWG and the return of Super Dragon teaming with @KILLSTEENKILL vs @MattJackson13 @NickJacksonYB', 'When I came for the lesson, it was cancelled and I had to fill in a questionnaire instead.', " Come on mom . I'm your A ! Wait till the guys hear about this ! ", 'When I was in form 3, my aunts lied to my daddy telling him that I had told them that I was pregnant.  My daddy  told my mother and she asked me if it was true.  I was very angry with my aunts.', "My sister borrowed some LP records for a party. She had left them in the car on curatao. Due to the heat they were crooked, so I couldn't play them again.", " Oh , sorry , I don't have it on me . Honestly , I forgot it at the house . But I have the insurance policy with me . Here it is . ", " I hate to admit it , but they're good . And fast . The Filipino kid is a genius . ", 'Walking along the beach with a friend (another girl), talking, picking up shells, laughing, chasing seagulls.', " Oh , don't mention it . ", 'I was once nominated as an Officer Cadet in the Armed Forces and my name was cancelled on the list of nominees of those who were sent to Kenya for Training.', 'One night, my boyfriend expressed his love for me in the canteen in the presence of my friends by giving me a present.', 'Everyone is terribly concerned at the moment ; we had thought that the security at St Helier was tighter than in most other hospitals . ', 'I received a letter from my college telling me that I would not be allowed to sit for the exams because of my low attendance in class and the bad experience in the terminal exams.', ' OK . ', 'I missed the train and had to wait for the next for two hours. For this reason I missed an appointment which had been very important for me.', ' Well in the meantime you are a biohazard ! I didn ’ t get it when I was a kid and I ’ Ve heard that you can even die if you get it as an adult ! ', 'But now he has made a full recovery to the delight of his proud parents , Fred and Denise . ', 'He saw the look of horror on my face . ', ' I just wanted to say thanks for putting us on the map so fast . I appreciate it . ', ' Today . ', "Relative's death.", " I not only passed my test , but I aced it ! I'm so happy ! ", " Let's hope it is ! ", 'When I heard that I had passed my end of first year exams and I was ready to enter 2nd year because I felt I had failed as they were very hard.', ' OK . ', 'A friend who was 22 years old died.', ' Thank you.But does it really look all right ? ', " I'm sorry . ", "At the beginning of the O-level summer term I weighed eight stone three pounds and , if I was pleased at having lost two pounds , I certainly didn't say so . ", ' Some guy on the street just mugged me . ', 'I felt angry when I saw on T.V the last slaughter of negroes in South Africa.', 'HELSINKI , Finland ( AP ) --- A Finnish orchestra on Friday completed recording a work by composer Jean Sibelius that vanished a century ago because he was miffed by criticism .', 'When my team lost a championship.', 'Amid intense media excitement and stringent security Mandela was given a tumultuous ticker-tape welcome in New York where he received the freedom of the city . ', " They are ! Besides being loud and arrogant , they're also terrible gossips . They're always talking about everybody else in the apartment . ", "I was at school whhen I received a letter from the dean of my school congratulating me for my performance at the previous year's exam. ", ' Good-bye . ', 'I was in grade 7.  We had an inter-house volley-ball competition.  In Luapula I was the youngest member of the team and I scored  the winning goal using my head.  I jumped up with joy and fell down.', 'My soul has just been pierced by the most evil look from @rickosborneorg. A mini panic attack and chill in bones followed soon after. ', 'Delighted with their silver medals for reaching the final against the world champions , England saw the match open with an expected win by the world champion Jorgen Person over English champion Chen Xinhua 21-8 , 21-18 . ', 'After the interview for admission to the university and before the admission list was disclosed.  I was scared that I would not be admitted and my fear lasted for quite some time.  My fear disappeared only after the list was disclosed.', " Well , I'm afraid there is . I have some bad news for you about the results of the forensic tests ... there won't be any results . ", 'Mansell was livid and admitted he ran away from the scene of the accident to avoid being tempted into big trouble . ', ' I ’ m not sure , but probably about 75 years . How about in your country ? ', " Yes , wasn't it funny ? ", 'Receiving a letter from a boy I care.', 'When bicycling along, a courier van started to tail me very close - I sped up and moved over and he just did the same. I reacted violently, much physical responding in the dangerous situation.', 'Once, when I was very young, my mother left me alone in the house and came back very late.', ' I live downtown , with my parents . ', " come on , Mary , you're a total catch . I bet he will call you . Don't worry . ", ' Absolutely . ', 'I bought a new bed for my apt. and it squeaks when you move on it. I tried to fix it but could not.', ' Why not ? ', 'Did very, very well on a Physics midterm.', ' I appreciate that , thank you . ', ' But there is always somebody who wants to turn his back on the true history . ', "A time when I was very afraid of something was when I broke my father's antique lamp.", ' That ’ s the dumbest thing that I ’ Ve ever heard . ', 'Risk of being involved in a fight after a party.', ' He is too scared to ask her . ', ' Read it ! ', ' has told U not to and not to be #afraid.  That should be good enough reason for you to enter this day with #fearless #confidence.', "If a close relative's life is in danger.", " I'm glad . ", 'I felt happy when my mother borrowed me the car in order to let me go out alone for the first time.', 'I went to buy a bicycle with my father. When I wanted to pay, my father took his purse and payed.', "The washing machine isn't working again . ", "I don't understand why I'm being arrested . ", 'I was walking home late at night from lectures and someone deliberately started following me. It was dark and I was scared.', 'And know that I pop bottles because I bottle my emotions, at least I put it all in the open ', ' Fine too . ', '` It is miserable for us to look back on these things . ', ' The singing group used to be very popular . ', 'women Ooo...Imagine ur Female artiste decide to giv u blowJob inside studio...u nor fit ask for session money again na..Choiii', 'Being in love for the first time.', 'My elder sister whom I love very much was leaving for the          West Indies for two years and I was staying behind.', 'All this generated considerable excitement within AEA . ', 'Losing my job that I had for 4 summers. I took it personally and cried for 6 hours off and on. I wanted to hide away and did for a few days.', 'When I heard that my girlfriend was talking behind my back and looking down on me.', " It's a large sum of money . I can't afford to lose it . ", 'I peeped into Maurine\'s bedroom and saw two people - Maurine anbd my step-dad.  I thought, \\ Why did she break her promises ? Why had she invited me ? Why do old men go for young girls ? \\""', 'She was deeply depressed , and felt guilty about her depression . ', "For the girl who halped me go on living and made me happy - when I don't see her even for two or three days.", 'When the paramilitary was sent to the university and it started using tear gas and started intimidating the students without any provocation.', 'The smiles hide the anguish . ', 'I had an accident with damage to the car body.', 'Two could play the same game , and the Russian was now riled . ', ' Thanks . ', 'I invited two friends. We should go out together. Those two girls kept talking about boys, chatting up etc. I bacame sick of it.', ' Why don ’ t you find the information on the internet instead ? ', ' The 5th . ', 'A fear of lack of personal powers.', "When my mother's heart nearly stopped.", " I am calling to inform you that we're happy to have you with us . Welcome aboard , I'm sure your friend would have given you a lot of information of our school and its motto , ways of teaching , etc . ", 'A typical family argument.', 'When I won the best prize in the National science fair.', 'When someone I love told me that she did not love me anymore and that she wanted all the snaps that she had given me in exchange for the ones I had given her.', ' Cockroaches have declared war on my room ! ', 'Getting ill.', '` I was devastated , I wanted him back , " Carol said after the hearing at Fareham . ', 'Slowly , he corners the frightened younger boy , talks reassuringly as he kisses and caresses him . ', " that's what I thought you would do . Listen , I live in a bit of a rough neighborhood . It's just down the street from all the bars . You probably don't want to be walking around after dark . ", 'I separated with the one I liked most.  She refused all my dates and told me that she had dated another one.  My heart seemed to cease beating.  I was silent for some time and then I whispered goodbye and left without turning back.', 'I am always sad when my boyfriend goes away. He lives and studies in an other city. We have gone steady for 2 and 1/2 years and everything is going very well, but sometime this situation makes me feel bad and very lonely.', ' I was told my girlfriend was speaking ill of me . That ’ s a real let-down . ', 'When I am walking on the streets and see a gang of thugs.', " But I've never jumped off anything in my life . The highest thing I've jumped off is my bed . I'm scared . ", " no , that would be crazy . But then who will it be ? Oh dear , it must be me . I should have known it ! Why else would he have talked to me alone about the downsizing . What should I do ? I've got a family t ", 'Being insulted on a bus.', 'When a car ran into me. The moment that I felt on the street I thought \\This is my end, I am going to die\\"."', 'When India first won the world cup cricket tournament.', " I'm older than you ! I'll be ten on April 14th . ", 'I wish I knew who had moved our flower pots . ', '` Katherine , I haven t yet told you how pleased we all are that you shall be going to school here and be with us at Valois frequently . ', 'Every time I go to Cambridge I come back depressed as hell ; then as soon as I am back to a Norfolk class spirits soar again . ', "He felt elated , warm-hearted at the sight of the place where he 'd been born . ", " I know that , mom . But sometimes I'm just sad . ", 'When a close relative of mine passed away, it was the first time that someone so close to me had died.', 'iyaa dong RT @azurazr: kita mau dong ( @dheliarenita @azurazr ) jadi reporter jakcloth  ', 'When I passed the whole weekend with my boyfriend, coming back home on Sunday afternoon he met my parents for the first time.', ' Oh , I always have difficulty in getting along with the staff . ', ' Ok . ', 'When my father asked me if I was a communist, at the same time he made it clear that I should no longer see myself as his daughter.', ' Now , the effort pays off . You have accomplished something . ', 'IMPRESSED just this side of awe as I am by the Department of Transport and its fearless tackling of such problems as juggernaut lorries and EEC regulations , I must nevertheless confess some disquiet about a recent plan . ', ' I buy a computer magazine every month . It keeps me up-to date with all the latest developments . ', " Great . I just got back from a week's vacation in Thailand . ", 'When I am at home alone.', " I can wait , but my toothache can't ! ", 'When I had to talk to some strangers, from whom I was expecting a negative answer.', ' Well , no . I thought I ‘ Ve finish in five minutes . and I didn ’ t want to be difficult about just few minutes , if I hadn ’ t been missing the bus and in the traffic I wouldn ’ t have been so late . I ’ m sorry . ', 'My bicycle was demolished.', 'When I made the winning goal during a very important football game.', 'They seemed demoralized and miserable , operating an endless mechanical process . ', 'Someone told me that he would stay at my home for one night. Therefore I made big efforts to make everything ok (food). One day before he cancelled the appointment because he had to go to church with his parents.', ' I dislike my roommate . He really turns me off . ', 'One of the greatest sadness was when my grandfather died, because I loved him very much.', ' Yes , the same as ever , thanks . What about you ? ', 'When my mother was proved to suffer from a very serious disease.', " Don't brother me ! ", 'When I found out that my good friend and roommate did not pay the phone bill and electric bill like he promised and let me down.', 'The kids will be heartbroken . ', 'When I was about six years old, I mistook a cat for a leopard      when it entered my room at night.', 'My girlfriend wrote to me telling me that she was four months pregnant and that I was responsible for the \\damages\\".  This made me happy as I longed to have a child to call mine."', "I'm scared to love because I'm scared you'll leave ", ' No , it will not be formal at all . It is a fun time . You will love the game show . Please dress casually . Usually there is an over abandon of drinks , so be careful with that . ', 'Quarrelled with my younger brother.', ' Well ... ', 'The death of a close friend.', ' Study , study , study . I want to learn a lot . ', 'The day before the university results came out I was both excited and scared.  If I failed I did not know what I would do as I did not want to work, my family was ambivalent.', ' Sorry to hear that . ', 'When I got admission in M.Sc (I) Organic Chemistry, I was very happy.', 'My family told me to leave if I was not willing to accept the conditions they imposed on me.', 'Darling , I have news for you . Bobby and his wife , Evelyn , are going to have a baby soon . ', " Well , not in so many words . But I know that productivity is a big issue for him . Oh , he said the usual things like “ Keep up the good work ” and “ Thanks for your hard work , ” but he also said that he's thinking about bringing some employees into my department . That , to me , means he's not satisfied with what I've been doing . ", 'This emotion happened when I passed my primary school examination and was selected for Secondary School.', 'You ain\'t gone and got yourself worked up into a glum mood , have you now ? " ', 'It was when a friend took me to a place and gave me as a gift my astrological map with the explanations of a psychologist.', 'Hear my name on the list attending the English lectures.', 'This did the trick : the boys now have a more distant friendship and David is much happier . ', 'By this time I was beginning to think that Eric was either dead or had chosen to forget me , and I felt very depressed . ', "It's taking you forever to do my hair . ", 'Can we talk ? ', ' Yeah . I like it . Hey , it looks like the food is ready . ', 'My parents told me that they do not like my friend.', 'I must say I was not totally happy about her going on at Yeo Davis , with me in the government . ', 'When the Real Madrid football team lost against the inter in the U.E.F.A cup.', 'Hey , Maggy , Did you hear about David ? ', ' It ’ s not really an occasion , it ’ s more like I ’ m sorry . ', 'People in the popular movement had a different kind of disquiet with the leadership of the PLO . ', 'One night going downstairs, and hearing a strong stirring of brances, which was not the wind.', 'The day when my son said for the first time \\mummy\\"."', " They're incredibly selfish . They ' re always up until the wee hours of the night playing their music so loudly that I have to wear earplugs in order to fall asleep ! ", 'His head , craning neck ; one moment high , straining to the ceiling ; then , a sigh , utter dejection , dropped down between his knees , his forehead pressed to the floor . ', 'A class-mate urged me to carry out a particular protest along with him, and when the time came this fellow drew back while I had to face the situation.', " Is there a reason why you're trying to get off the phone so fast ? ", 'In a dam lake, when the water was let flow to water the plants and I and two other boys were near the water pit. We rescued ourselves only thanks to the flippers and the tyre that was with us.', " I tell ya , when I got the invite , it really threw me for a loop . You've done a complete 180 . ", 'After the loss of a close relative.', 'After a long time (of no communication with him, physical illness and worry) my lover came to see me, when I least expected to see him.', " Thanks . I'm glad you say so . Oh , the music has stopped . ", ' But what ? ', 'Christina blushed , angry at being spoken to like a member of staff . ', "I'm afraid I can't go to the pictures with you tomorrow . ", ' Look for it yourself , please ! Kinda busy here , Daniel ! ', " You're going to do great . And you're going to look great . ", "` You 're not just frightened for Lucy . ", " Then the axiom - ' You can't teach an old dog new tricks ' doesn't work any longer . ", 'An argument among several friends because of the irrational behavior of one of them who fell out with us for no reason and said that we were to blame.', ' You are welcome . ', ' Yes . ', 'Their cheerfulness and delight at still being alive only made Charlie feel more guilty . ', ' I see . That ’ s convenient ! I never understood things like this , such as GMT . I never know what time zone we are in or when to change my clock ! ', ' I know , but I was so upset . I mean , come on ! Does she have to do everything her boyfriend says ? ', " Sounds interesting , I haven't gone boating for some time now , and what time ? ", 'Was nearly knocked down by a car.', 'She had been experiencing considerable feelings of grief about her husband and had been able to cry on occasions . ', 'When I was offered a high position of trust, which I later accepted.', 'I hear you bought a new house in the northern suburbs . ', " That's all right . But why were you so rude to me at lunch . ", 'I met my girlfriend on the way and she joyfully welcomed me on the way home.', 'When I saw a horrible movie - Alien.', " It sucks . But Arden told me he's satisfied with my qualifications and experience . ", 'When I won an unexpected sum of money.', 'Yes , emergency . There is a huge fire here . ', 'President Truman and his advisers were anxious over Sino-Soviet relations and wondered whether American forces could take the port of Dairen and thus prevent the Soviet Union from occupying the Liaotung peninsula of south Manchuria . ', ' What ? ', 'My friend replying to my letter and again saying he was attracted to me and suggesting we write, talk and get together and see how things went and his suggestion that I could ring and doing that it was really good - though really insane conversation.', 'When I met a very close friend of mine after one year of separation.', 'Which pair of jeans do you like best ? ', ' Yes ? ', "Lovely day , isn't it ? ", 'Sometimes we the decisions that are the most difficult to make. They still must be made tho', 'I was to meet a friend at the bus-stop (he was coming to visit us) and he did not turn up.  After having waited for him for some time     (about an hour) I called him up, to be told that he did not intend to come as he was feeling tired.', 'What are you going to do for one year abroad , Tom ? ', ' I know , our schedules are so weird . Sometimes , the little corner store is the only thing within walking distance that ’ s open when we get home . ', 'Letting Jesus take control of my emotions i.e., ill feeling.', ' Wait , what are you doing ! You can ’ t just kiss me then go for second base ! ', ' Merry Christmas , Lee ! ', 'When I was put into a tennis team below my standard.', ' Hey , I worked hard on that report and I deserve the grade I got . ', "My roommate's sister committed suicide.", "there's so many things holding me back like ", 'The saddest moment in my life was when I lost my younger sister a few years back.', 'Can you do push-ups ? ', 'When my grandmother after staying with us for awhile went back home.', 'When I began school at UC. The pre-enrollment the classes, and the question of success really scared me.', 'Indeed , the two M boys themselves were not totally happy at first at having these initially undisciplined children visiting their home and generally being around on a regular basis . ', ' They had no reason for arresting me . ', ' His name is not fat boy ! You can be so rude sometimes . ', " I don't feel bored at all . I'm getting along with my colleagues . I will enjoy working with them . People are great in this industry . ", 'Being insulted by my roommate.', ' Maybe ! ', 'Sandra Cooper , 33 , midwife and founder of the Darlington Miscarriage Association , said :  Women who have had a miscarriage experience grief but they have no record of their unborn child . ', 'I saw a friend of mine who had suffered a very heavy contusion after an accident.', " I know it , but I don't know when I can make it better . ", ' What about my rights ? ', ' like what ? ', "I feel as though I live in  because there are things I'd like to say in this  post, but losing my #job. #emptywords", ' Why ? ', 'When my basket ball team lost the qualification at a final.', 'In a minute Sir Wilfrid returned , looking very excited . ', 'Sammy stuck his nose in the air , delighted at such attention . ', 'A \\near-accident\\" in a car, driving too fast on an icy road."', " My pleasure . Let's go and have a drink . ", ' What do you mean ? It will help us to relax . ', ' Yeah , it sure would . ', ' I don ’ t want to hear it ! Now go to your room ! ', " No , I didn't . I'm innocent . Those aren't mine . Whatever you found is someone else's stuff . You can't prove anything . I wasn't there when you went in , and you can't prove it's my stuff . ", ' No wonder . ', ' Sure . ', ' Thank you very much . ', ' So that we can sit down together and listen to some music . ', 'I feel this feeling when I am to fill in a questionnaire or a form.', 'The death of a friend.', "On the other hand , she suspected that Fowler-Thrown would be delighted to have a private view of Newley 's collection . ", 'On the way down a ski slope which was difficult and steep.', " True , but English is harder than most . It's a crazy language . ", ' And ? ', ' You bet ! ', ' That sounds like fun , but did you exercise ? ', 'This week an irate mother reportedly stormed into a London school and hauled her 15-year-old daughter out of a class in elementary sapphism . ', 'When they told me that I had got a study grant.', 'Even so , I was miserable when we were second from last .  ', 'I was appreciated by others, especially my family members and my friends.', 'Half a week after that encounter , Charlie had heard that his beloved had parted from the man with great grief , and was in need of tender care . ', " It's none of your business . ", ' Come on ! They only do that to get even more publicity for their films and themselves . ', 'Most pool owners are thrilled if they can persuade their fish to breed successfully . ', 'Talking to a close friend.', ' Whatever . Just turn right here . . . The freeway will be packed at this hour . . . let ’ s take a side street . Go on ! Get out of our way ! Move , move ! ', " I don't think so . I think it's about your attitude towards learning . One should be open to new ideas , decisions , skills or behaviors . ", 'I watched with dismay as they hit the floor and bounced to eight dusty oblivions . ', 'A friend told me about his cousin who is my girlfriend. He said she had treated him in a mean and nasty way. I was surprised because in front of other people she had always treated him in a friendly way. I am very sad about it.', 'He was beginning to feel a bit despondent about the kind of questions Jean was asking . ', "There was anger in Jacob 's voice and stance as he led her towards Sylvie 's bedroom . ", 'Sadness, no, I felt something much stronger when my father died.', ' Oh , dear . ', ' Yes . ', 'When I did not get the compound which is known.', ' About David ? No , I didn ’ t hear anything . ', 'When they broke the artistic work of several weeks.  Changes were made and it was broken without permission, they had no right to do this.', "only if failing wasnt my biggest i wouldn't go to school tomorrow smh.", ' What ? ', 'When I had an anticipatory honey-moon with my fiance.', ' Hi . ', "As lieutenant-governor , he is remembered for fleeing down the statehouse fire escape to avoid senators ' anger over his choice of committee assignments . ", 'A good friend, the wife of the vicar of my church came up to me from the pews (I am in the choir) and shook my hand during the time for an informal \\greeting\\" in the church service. She said a few words."', "I can't bear you anymore . I am sick of your drinking . I am divorcing you . ", '` I was devastated , " he says of missing the semi-final . ', ' I ’ d better go tomorrow . ', 'I remember my feeling of elation when I climbed aboard the train . ', ' The ice will soon be thick enough for skating . I am so fond of winter sports . ', "She really was mad about what she 'd just found in her freezer . ", 'The period when I was pregnant and when I gave birth to my son. I can say those were the happiest months in my life.', 'I was enjoying the company of bird life while I was eating lunch in a park when a group of people began throwing sticks at some of the birds - for no reason other than the satisfaction of seeing them being scared away.', "And I 'm mad at you , you 've no ambition . ", ' Look at the view from the window . ', 'I experienced this when my maternal grandmother passed away.  She was the last of my grand parents to pass away.', " I'm glad that you see it that way . ", "Honestly , I 'm really happy for you ! ", 'My grandmother died suddenly last summer.', " I'm sorry . ", " Happy Mother's Day to you , Mum ! ", 'When my child was born.', 'Did you hear what she said to me ? ', 'When I noticed that my parents were not in such a prosperity as most people in my surroundings.', ' Take care , and give my best to your parents . ', 'It was more that fear - anguish -that I felt before my last exam.', 'When I stepped on a snake at home, it was dark but there was moonlight.', 'As a child - about 8 years old - walking across a paddock - being set upon by another boy who claimed it was \\his land\\" - being intimidated by the boy - crying, being punched, etc."', 'A close friend died.', ' yes . Last Sunday I went to a nearby market . It was on open-air fair . I chanced upon this bag and bought it on the spot , without even trying to strike a bargain . I paid one hundred and twenty . And just now I was told by my Chinese colleagues I bought it overpriced . I could have talked my way to thirty . ', 'I was with a friend in a stationed car when, suddenly a man appeared on my side and an other with a gun on his side the hold-up lasted a few minutes but it was terrible. I had never seen a gun so close.', 'When some seniors tried to scold and insult some juniors on account of what the juniors were supposed to have said at secondary school.', 'I went for a walk on the beach with a friend whom I had not seen for many months.  The weather was very pleasant, we had some ice-cream and lots of fun on the beach.', ' Well , children usually resemble their parents . ', 'One camping night, I listened to the ghost stories told by my classmates.  ', 'They simply could not understand why people in England were so worried . ', 'Finding out that life span in China is shorter than in the West.', ' Maybe I just shouldn ’ t show the income then . ', '@FrankyFade: The team is hot  @andrealandis @iammynority @FRISCOLOPEZ @iamthefabian” yes sir', 'In traffic I often get relatively angry with other drivers. Several transgressions make me mad, especially not yielding to priority traffic (e.g. coming from the right).', 'I was on a farm with a few friends and during the talk I discovered that a friend of mine, was being betrayed by her boyfriend and a 3rd friend of ours.', ' No regrets ? ', 'When I was to sit for my first entrance exam. I had fear of a possible failure.', " It's leap my mind . I really feel terrible about it . ", ' Sure . I think it ’ s a fantastic place to go . ', 'I was in love with a girl but had to separate from her because of different commitments concerning life and career.  I loved her as a person but could not agree with the life the future would demand.  Parting from her was very sad.', 'When the morning newspaper has not arrived.', " That's right ", "My mother did not come home till late at night (Ages ago). Anyway if I don't know where my parents are and when they'll be back I start thinking that perhaps they have had an accident and are perhaps dead.", 'When my love for a guy was returned.', 'Bill \'ll be so thrilled ! " ', ' Thanks . I ’ ll be sitting over there . ', ' I did , but he gives me a runaround . ', 'When last year in college I received the award \\Best Student of the Year\\",   I felt very happy as I got what I had wanted and my wish had been fulfilled.1"', ' Well in the meantime you are a biohazard ! I didn ’ t get it when I was a kid and I ’ Ve heard that you can even die if you get it as an adult ! ', 'When high level results were declared, I found my candidature number.  I was very happy as I had not expected it.  As I had been  injured before the examination and I had performed poorly.', 'Furious Tory MPs now want to go to the High Court to force a new ballot . ', ' How about the new bar across road ? ', 'The euphoria and sense of well-being which accompanied the boom years of the 1980s has been replaced by a mood of despondency as companies and individuals experience the effects of a western-style recession . ', ' How about a party at home ? That way we can get together and celebrate it . ', "I thought that someone was angry with me but, by hindsight, that didn't appear to be the case, he even liked me.", 'There was dismay on her face , now . ', ' Hi , Mary . ', ' it was horrible ! It was just one thing after another . ', ' Oh , I see . ', ' Oh . I just can ’ t forget it . ', 'What you will come upon you. Do not let fear creep into your mind. It will drain your #hope and eat away at your #faith.', 'When a boy tried to fool me so he would be OK trying to show me that he is a gook boy.', 'While paddling in the river during a storm.  I feared drowning.', 'Despite the sadness of the occasion , many gave way to hysterical giggling as they gradually realized that every compartment contained mourners or corpses . ', "Somehow I've got to get to trend. That way I can have another way to spread fear across the world without needing an inhaler.", ' Two . ', ' That ’ s your opinion not mine . ', 'Having to go back home form the U.S. after having been there for ten weeks to visit my brother and his family.', ' How come ? ', " I'm sorry , sir . ", " I'm sorry , that's bad luck . ", 'She would be doubly furious at having been deceived in exactly the same way by two successive men . ', ' See you . ', '@FloydMayweather yo mane, you think pac will fight you in may? rumor says 4th fight with marquez whom you handled? i think hes scared ', ' Mmm ... ', ' What happened afterwards ? ', 'Finding out that I made a stupid mistake in the exam.', " It's a nice cinema , isn't it ? ", 'When I was in the army, a room mate of mine came back from furlough and threatened another fellow with a knife.', ' Why ? ', 'Falling in love.', 'Every time I meet a certain dog that has once bitten me.', ' Flares ? ', 'My mother had fallen down from a ladder when she had been gathering cherries. Her back was hurt. Just when I arrived, I saw people of the life-saving service giving her medical care.', "He had taken an interest in the growing baby , and had become anxious about Jane 's health and safety , the way expectant fathers were supposed to . ", "All he 'd glimpsed through the window was Matta playing solitaire of some kind , so why had the man taken such delight in terrifying him ? ", 'The honesty in my music has left me too exposed #Drake', ' I knew this would happen some day ... ', " So what ? I just lost one hour's worth of work . ", 'Marriage crises.  Boredom.', ' Do you have any bug spray ? ', ' But I don ’ t like them.It ’ s not fair . ', 'At an examination I got a bad mark just because of a small mistake. When I went to the lector and wanted to talk about that, he did not listen to me but sent me away.', 'Once when I was walking alone at mid-night, I happened to put my foot on a frog, as it felt smooth I thought that it was a snake  and I felt afraid. ', 'When my boyfriend went away for a month long holiday without me.', ' Yeah . ', 'Before an exam which I, finally did not take.', "It appeared that I gave correct answers to all questions during an examination of personality while I thought I performed very badly. Even now, I don't know how I managed it.", 'I missed the last tram home and had to walk in the pouring rain.', 'France expressed horror at the assassination and appealed for unity to assure peace in the country it once ruled . ', 'Barbarossa sent a mandate requiring Milan to give up her claims , but the Milanese consuls tore up the document , and the imperial ambassador fled an enraged crowd . ', 'When I was appointed by the Ministry of health to join the teaching staff of one of the medical colleges.', " You don't know what you are asking ! ", 'Look at the traffic . It ’ s terrible ! ', 'She was furious with me . ', "I don't very often feel frightened , but then I don't often put myself in that vulnerable position . ", 'In the holiday cottage of our association, two of my pals came to wake me up early one morning by bringing a radio played at the highest volume into my room - it was the morning service at its loudest.', 'Almost crashing into the back of a car while driving along the motorway on my motorcycle.', 'I felt angry when my only pair of trousers was stolen and could not be able to find out who the thief was or anyone who knew about the story.', 'Thinking about death when walking alone at night.', 'I coped at the time but now , five years on , I feel guilty and resentful about the whole affair . ', " You know you didn't . ", 'I was coming home from an exam and I supposed that I had passed it so I ran to a restaurant for a beer.', " That's true . And sometimes the tickets are cheaper during the week as well . ", " Shall I say around ten o'clock ? ", 'I saw the frightened horses on the edge of a steep drop . ', ' that ’ s amazing . Do you have a large extended family ? ', 'I had a quarrell with my boyfriend and decided to finish with him and and my Easter holidays.', " What's it ? ", 'Meeting a loved man.', 'Being insulted by my roommate (she is in the English Class).', ' I do wish I could afford one . ', "@AuthenticGecko: I'm finding this is true.  is of oneself.# ~ Wilhelm Stekel #quote I would agree", ' I see . ', ' Hold on . We will be successful right away . ', 'Not getting the reference paper.', "Look what you've done ! ", ' Oh , my god ! No air-conditioner ! ', 'When Anna left Inspector Aziz , she was much happier . ', 'My friends promised me that they would definitely call me to tell me if they were visiting me or not.', 'The sadness came to me when I heard that my girlfriend whom I loved so much got married to another man before a rebuff from her.', "When I missed crashing, by a hair's breadth, into a man who came out 20 metres ahead of me when I was driving at 110km/h.", ' That ’ s a lot of money . ', 'A lady I live with had not bothered to clean up before she went   on holiday (I live in a collective).', "When I was dismissed unjustly from the firm where I worked, because there where persons that didn't have problems, and wouldn't miss in the jobs they occupied if they were dismissed.", ' No way ! I worked very hard so that I could leave on today ’ s flight . Are there seats on another airline ? ', '` Your mother and I are so pleased you are so happy . ', 'On my birthday, when I was given my presents.', 'Hello ? ', 'When I was a child I was playing on the upper deck of the bed with my brother.  My parents slept on the lower deck.  My father felt disgusted and beat me up.  I felt very sad as my father had never beaten me or scolded me before.', ' Where ? ', ' Oh dear , that sounds terrible . ', 'Neither of us could wait to get the round over , we were so cold and miserable . ', 'When I bought my car.', ' Let me see ... I am sorry the tables you want are booked . ', ' My first grandchild . ', ' Why not ? ', 'When my wife died in hospital, she was pregnant and had undergone an operation.', ' Why ? ', 'Believing that he had no ` right " to be angry over this mishap , Matthew retreated to his bedroom , took out a penknife and cut a painful slit in his own hand . ', 'I hear factor is back on the air.', 'To say goodbye to dear friends after the holidays.', 'Father forgive me for my and help me live boldly in Your #truth #GloryOfTheCross', "Amanda 's grief for her father was compounded by anxiety over his ontological status . ", ' You did a horrible job on my hair . ', 'I was watching T.V with my parents and some pornographic scenes came on, I felt uncomfortable and tried to distract my parents attention by talking to them.', "I wouldn't say she gives me an ecstatic welcome . ", ' Twenty . ', 'When I passed the TOEFEL with very good marks.', ' Bye . ', ' I ’ m a defender . It ’ s a lot of fun . You don ’ t have to be able to skate as fast on defense . ', 'He was sad about missing the forthcoming whiskies . ', ' I know , I know . I am trying but , I don ’ t have the willpower to just quit . I can ’ t fight with the urge to reach for my pack of smokes in the morning with coffee or after lunch ! Please understand ? ', 'A month ago when one of my fellow workers got a promotion over me. It was just a small promotion but recognition was involved.', 'By six o\'clock the water hadn\'t arrived and Haverford , looking at their despondent faces , said , ` It \'s like a death in the family . " ', 'I am so desolate -- oh , but please , it is all arranged and say no more . " ', ' We all know about that , but we have no choice . The chairman of the trade union says he is going to negotiate with the management . ', ' Yeah , and ? ', 'I was at home alone, and heard noises on the roof, and doorknobs, and drawers.', 'In 1983 a sadist provoked my sister in my presence.  He tried to force my sister into accompanying him to his place, but my sister did not agree and so she was kicked and she fell down.  There was a fight.', 'A man in a car was following me when I went running early one morning in a fairly secluded area.', 'When I was working in Delhi, I had gone alone to see the hostel where I would be residing.', 'The doctors from Belogradchik town determined a wrong diagnosis to my son. A month later, after some complex examinations at ISUL (A medical institute in Sofia), the diagnosis was categorically rejected.', "I would hate to have a baby mom that's a baby girl ", 'I did not do well in one of the subjects last term.   I was afraid that I would fail.  My result was a grade D, though it was not good I still passed.  I felt more comfortable then.  ', ' All right . ', " Sure , let's go to Malibu . ", 'Left alone in the dining hall at night.', " that seems like an awful waste ! Why don't people order fewer dishes so that they don't have to throw so much away at the end of the meal ? ", 'The butcher becomes incensed . ', " You know what ? I've recently been teaching myself French . ", " Well , I hate to disturb you , but I really can't stand it any more . Can you change my room for me ? It's too noisy . I was woken up several times by the noise the baggage elevator made . It was too much for me . ", 'Being sexually assulted and told my friends about it (we cried together).', 'When a friend of mine told me a horror story.', 'The way this particular girl spoke, behaved, and reacted the first time I was introduced to her, I felt certain that something between us would materialize.', ' Salesman ? ', 'After my girl and I talked things over our relationship changed and became positive.  A diificult time turned into pleasant one.', 'When I left a carnaval ball at 4 o\'clock a.m. I was alone in a foreign city and I had to go back home, when a guy appeared and tried to \\catch me\\"."', 'When climbing up the stairs to the top of a ski-jumping hill.', 'During the day her mother seemed happy at times , baking , trying out fresh recipes , or changing yet again the curtains , or crocheting new chair-backs . ', " Wow ! You're really working up a storm ! ", ' You are right . Maybe we should work out a fitness plan and start to do more exercise . Sitting around in the office all day is no way of keeping fit . ', ' Bye ! ', 'When I heard of the death of a friend who had just finished her training I felt very sad for she was young.', 'The Washington-based report said the queen was miffed that Clinton had missed the recent V-E Day commemorations .', ' Good bye then , and keep in touch . ', 'Depression flattens the voice almost to monotony ; movement is slowed , and a dejected facial expression is characteristic of many people when they are in a low mood . ', "Thunder and lightning used to scare the shit out of me when I was young. I remembered watching Blue's Clues and the power went out. ", "I hate wanting to give my all but not knowing if i'll get it back ", ' I will . ', 'When I was with the girl I love very much, for the graduatiion ball.', " I know , I'm sorry . ", 'My mother was only a sad woman in an old photograph , younger then than I was now . ', "When I was in my village one of my enemies had written a non-sense letter to a girl and he told the father of this girl that I was the culprit.  When I got to know this I was scared as  the girl's father was a worse man.", 'In Oviedo an infuriated mob was only prevented from lynching the distinguished poet Melndez Valds by the appearance of priests with the exposed host . ', 'Why people , nervous that their little town was being made into a prime nuclear target , should be less nervous for getting a closer look at the cause of their fears is a question not easily answered . ', 'Could you tell me the right time , please ? ', 'Tripped on a busy street.', "At my grandfather's funeral.  I remembered that the thing he liked and respected most was earth, I thought that he had attained what he wanted and was not separated from it any longer.", 'When I realized that my girlfriend, whom I like, and I were going to separate.', " No , I didn't save this time.Damn it ! And I'm sick of writing this paper . Now I have to write it all over again too . ", 'Ronni got in , feeling a welcome dart of annoyance at the way he had issued that curt command . ', 'While I was away for the weekend some friends went into my room and played my very expensive stereo without asking me or my roommate.', ' Why ? ', ' oh yeah ? ', ' It depends . ', " Yes , he was . I'm not imagining it.Finally , just when I got home , I turned around and looked at him.He was just standing there . He didn't smile . He just stood there . It was so obvious.What should I do ? I'm so scared . Can I call the police ? ", 'His tone became more confident , slightly indignant . ', 'When I saw the list of books to read for an accouting course, I thought Oh God how will I ever manage it!', " It's ok . ", 'Effortlessly , his knee slid to part her legs , but when she threw him a look of utter dismay he paused . ', 'When he took his hand away still saying nothing , she felt slightly hurt and resentful . ', ' 1999 . ', 'My cat died painfully and slowly.', ' Yeah , I just got them . I started playing ice hockey in a community league . So , I finally got myself new skates . ', ' Oh , no ! What happened ? ', 'I had a quarrel with my parents; I was convinced to be right.', ' I ’ m sorry you didn ’ t get accepted . ', 'Bishop Gray was very quick to speak out and express his ` dismay and extreme disappointment at the announcement of closure . ', "God please shine your grace and mercy on this oddly looking lady that's about to cut my hair. Great Clips!", "On New Year's Eve I went in a disco with friends. I amused myself and got to know many other people.", "When I found that my coldness had hurt somebody's sincerity.", ' Okay . ', ' R-I-N ? ', 'As I read it , I was sad to think how miserable Anne had been , in a big house away from home , where no one understood her . ', " I'm afraid it gains a little . ", ' Yes . ', " It's a huge headache . I have no idea what I want to do . ", ' I ’ m not in the mood . ', 'A terrible cloud-burst started when we were camping in a tent on a great bald field.', 'When I learned that a friend of mine had not been speaking to her boyfriend for a week after an argument because of unfounded jealousy.', 'One woman , who already had a job and a busy life of her own , was surprised to find how sad she felt when her children left home in quick succession . ', ' Was it ? ', 'People not cueing in the dining hall.', 'I was sad at the expulsion of some of my comrades during the university demonstrations.', ' Instead of tackling somebody , you just have to touch them with two hands , or if it is flag football , grab the flag that the ball carrier is wearing . ', "I experienced this emotion when my friend committed suicide after we had spent the afternoon playing and discussing life and it's problems.", ' Yes . ', "If didn't exist, I would run up to you and tell you how much I LOVE YOU !", "Ah imagine gettin' stuck to get rolled on to a stretcher", "Recently, my sister-in-law's horse was poisoned by a plant and died. The horse was very obedient and exceptional with children.", ' Why not ? ', ' Oh , I see . ', 'A black-haired woman with a long , sad face was inside . ', 'After I had lived with my boyfriend in a foreign country for half a year, I saw that it was impossible for me to stay with him (for economic reasons). We separated although I loved him.', 'after getting a fail notice for a math class, I realized I was not doing very well in school in any subject. I began to fear failing a class or two.', 'When approached by a gang of youths in town at night.', 'My mother was stuck by an apoplectic fit, was paralyzed and suffered an aphasia.', 'THE Princess of Wales has once more caused disquiet among fashion commentators by sticking to her own rules . ', ' Yes , there are something good and informative . I think that many people underestimate the value of TV in education . ', ' You are absolutely right . ', ' Gosh ! I can see the flames ! ', 'Saw in TV that China had the most gold medals in the Asian Olympic.', ' Great ! Warm up with some scales and arpeggios first . Good , good . This week , work on keeping the rhythm steady when you play the last part with the sixteenth note . Now let ’ s take a look at this ', ' Oh ... why ? ', 'This is one feeling I never betray, but I must confess that the last time I slighty felt happy was when I passed my M.A with a high rank.  This was a few years ago when my friend told me about the result.', ' No ... ', 'One evening a friend of mine was telling a fearful story, nobody took it seriously but I got frightened.', 'Years ago on Christmas Eve I felt very sad because I realized for the first time how I missed my father who had died at Christmas Years ago.', 'I felt happy when I received the letter telling me that I had been admitted to the university.', ' Sorry , I don ’ t know the rule about punching . ', 'I was sleeping alone in the house at night. A boy putting on a short only knocked at the window whispering that I should open for him.', 'When I was accused of neglecting work for the wrong reasons.', 'My first feeling of falling in love.  Coming across a person who made me feel love, happiness, joy, giving me a new and beautiful future, who made me dream.', 'This monday I took a Math 1BS test and flunked for the second time.', 'When I passed the university entrance exam.', 'I feel so uncomfortable . ', 'Right before I went to a concert with my last boyfriend he told me that although he told me he was going to take me to the concert, he didn\'t want to see me anymore. After that we stayed overnight and I said \\well, when he leaves me I will be ruined for awhile, but for now we\'re together.\\" I woke up in his arms and it was the happiest moment of my life."', " Yes , the Forrest's experience can encourage the people in trouble . ", "I worked together with another student on a computer-assignment. She didn't do her best and didn't prepare herself for it. She expected me to explain it to her.", "I feel anger when things don't come out as I wish.", 'I was walking on the pavement when a white car rolled on it and directed towards me. I was quite near the house wall when it rolled by and hit me.', 'I had a date with a friend to see a movie and my friend was late.  I waited for a long hour and was very angry.', 'However , I am not now so anxious about my sister being left with Seor Mitchell . ', 'This was what I felt when my boyfriend went to Bourgas to study there. I had the feeling I would lose him.', "When the person I am going out with let me down in a situation that I was depending on them, and didn't show respect or care.", ' Hi Vicky . ', 'I was walking along a subway when I saw a group of louts.  I was rather afraid because I was alone.', 'They must have been amazed and resentful that Pyke wanted to listen to me , of all people , someone who was barely an actor . ', ' Thank you . ', 'My Uncle was beaten by his troublesome son. He fell unconscious and gained consciousness after some time. That time I was at school; this news reached me through someone.', ' What did you think you were doing ? ', " Nothing . It's just one of those days . Everyone at the office is sick and I'm getting blamed for work not being done . ", "Perhaps he was just imagining the undercurrent of nostalgia , he told himself as he looked at Beth 's flushed , excited face . ", 'He watched , felt indignant but also justified because he was right . ', ' Yes . to our first anniversary and many more to come . Cheers ! ', 'This act of selfless good nature earned her a fine of one hundred francs and caused a riot in the Latin Quarter when enraged fans besieged the Prefecture of Police . ', " This isn't fair . ", " I wasn't aware that I had to go to court . ", 'Raising her eyes , she stared in rather horrified fascination at the opening door . ', 'My sister in law was about to have a child, and there were some problems.  They had to do a Caesarean.  After a while, everything  was all right.', " Totally not . Perhaps it's about our marriage . ", "She was cross at the way he had treated her as though she weren't a normal girl -- some kind of freak . ", 'She wrote : " Thank you for your letter dated 9th October 1991 which I have read with great dismay . ', 'I get angry with people who attain certain status without deserving it, only with the support, authority and influence of other people.', " To some extent , he is . And what do you think we move to a better place ? I can't see him clearly from here . ", "When Annie 's daughter died at the age of five , she was heartbroken . ", 'When people harrass me I feel oppressed by their behavior.', 'The rebel Serbs were miffed that Bildt planned no trip to their stronghold of Pale , east of Sarajevo .', 'Hi Mark . ', 'When my cousin passed away.', 'When he told me I had to work overtime , that was it . ', " You're on . ", 'In a hurry to get to lectures and the car would not start.', 'We got news that my (almost) 21 years old brother died while visiting Europe of a cerebral hemorrhage. It finally hit me an hour after we saw his corpse in the coffin. It felt like a door between himself and everything had closed and locked forever.', 'BLACK EYES ended , trailing an ever thinner line of puzzled viewers , exasperated critics , and the nagging question , what went wrong ? ', ' Bye ! ', 'I was badly beaten up by one of my friends during a wedding party.', 'My parents do not like my friend and told me not to go out with him.', ' Sure . Any time . ', 'Some ill children feel so angry , depressed , or anxious about their condition that they refuse to eat . ', 'When I noticed obvious marks of old age (in a negative sense) on a close relative of mine.', "A friend's brother died.", 'Mrs Rosenbloom nearly always found out about it and she would be mad that he had taken me from my work with the children . ', " I couldn't . I was bound and gagged . ", ' So did I . ', ' No . ', 'Article published in the college newspaper.', ' Yes , I did . Did you ? ', " For me , it's one of those games that are fun to both watch and play . ", "I was within a hair's breadth of knocking down a drunkard who suddenly ran into the street.  The fear came later when I     realized what could have happened.", 'I have a bone to pick with you . ', ' Curse the worst oven in the world . ', 'I was accused of having drunk a bottle of liquor and then refilling with water.', "When I found my boyfriend, who I had been dating for a year, at another girl's house. We had had previous conflicts concerning the girl, but he had always claimed they were just friends.", 'She was absolutely livid . ', ' This can ’ t wait ! I need your help now ! ', " oh , it's love at first sight . When will you see each other again ? ", ' Why ? ', ' Bye . ', " But didn't you tell him you had an appointment ? ", 'I would have liked to go out to chat with some acquaintances, but I realized that I was not wanted.  I felt hurt, disappointed, lonely and deserted.', ' Thank you . ', 'When I received the higher level exam results, I mistook the grade E in mathematics for a grade F and I was shocked.', 'Privately , Juliet was feeling rather despondent . ', ' why ere you getting off work so late ? The office close at six , doesn ’ t it ? ', "When a kid dropped my father's radio cassette player, which he had just repaired.", 'Then , still depressed at being ditched , he drank eight pints on a night out with other squaddies , said prosecutor Graham Boal . ', 'He was not inconsolable . ', "My girlfriend does practice and therefore leaves me alone at night and in the weekend. In addition, she is very busy doing several things. So we don't see each other often.", ' I got it . ', 'The despairing , faithless , gaping , horrified wife looked down at her lover , and knew that he was dead . ', " let's go ! ", " I'm thinking of dropping out . ", 'With a disconsolate sigh she stood up , slipped off the towelling robe and threw it over a chair . ', " So cool . Someone gave me this flier at the exit . What's it about ? ", 'So do we stay friends forever? ', 'You may imagine the anguish of the people as this was going on . ', "I was beaten up at a private New Year's party once, through no fault of mine.", ' But what ? You always act like this , when you face difficulties . ', ' I got it . ', ' His excuse was familiar . He said his car died again . ', 'Brad , wait ! ', ' Speaking . ', 'She was nervous of all Men , and preferred to be with the women of the Court . ', 'When my colleague spat on my face after a quarrel.', 'All around there was the electric atmosphere of first night excitement . ', 'When I felt that an exam, which I had feared, was an easy one and went well.', 'I could have been killed by a falling object.', ' 512 . ', " It's a portable TV . It's a popular thing now . ", " the end of all the hard work for my master's . what a nice feeling to get my degree ! ", ' Okay ... ', 'A friend of mine was hurt as he thought that our relationship was not the same as before and something had gone wrong.', ' How much ? ', " All right , Bill.Here ' s your daily exercise schedule . You are to jog before breakfast . ", 'Support for the Greens may have shrunk but it was still at the same level as the Liberal Democrats " , the third party in Parliament , so perhaps Ms Cooke was unduly downcast . ', ' She taught us that you can do anything that you want to do . ', ' What ? ', '` We are sad for Jason Livingston . ', ' How depressed ! ', 'A close friend of mine had not contacted me for a long time.', "I can't give one description here. I often feel joyful when I have done things good in relation to other people especially when my friend says he loves me and I also tell him that I love him.", ' My daughter . She is missing . I don ’ t know where she is . ', 'My dog, whom I had had for eleven years, died. I watched his Soporification.', ' I forgot . ', 'He appeared delighted at the prospect . ', "Life , you know , it 's miserable for them . ", 'I hope you were pleased with how much we sold . ', 'When an unknown person provoked me verbally and physically.', ' Certainly . ', 'When my gradmother died.', 'Eeee!!! I leave Friday morning for LA!!!! OMG!!!     ', 'When my relationship with my family is very poor I often fear being excluded from the group, a fear which is stronger in situations when an argument is on hand.', 'I won a car in a prize-competition. The moment I was informed about it, I felt joy.', 'I read with dismay the remark attributed to the Central Scotland Water Development Board in your report today that ` water required powerful law " , otherwise , the water authorities ` would never get anything done " . ', 'Does anyone else get nervous when a member of your household attempts a new recipe? #scary #food #helpme', 'A friend started to shout at me. He called me an old frump.', "If you have symptoms that you think may be caused by food intolerance you should not feel affronted if the doctor 's initial questions seem rather personal and irrelevant to the aches and pains being suffered . ", ' Laura . ', " You too , Peter . Give my regards to John . I'll see you in September . ", 'I was skiing alone and the mountain became covered with mist and I thought I was lost and was going to panic.', "When my brother was born, everything went all right.  It had been very likely that he would have a deficiency (my sister suffers from Down's Syndrome) and that my mother would be in danger.", 'Talking about snakes.', 'There is no shame in being afraid. We are all afraid of something. ', 'Waiting for a taxi - when within 1/2 an hour two separate people challenged me to fight for no apparent reason except they were drunk.', ' No problem . ', "So you can see why mothers get angry when they discover that even everyday foods such as apples can cause a build-up of unwanted chemicals in their children 's bodies . ", 'On rising. No apparent reason.', 'The silence that followed was finally broken by a nervous laugh from one of the men-at-arms . ', 'When they threw my holder down on the floor, with all my notes for an exam inside it and they got all mixed up.', ' What kind of warrant ? ', " Well , I've never been to either so I was thinking of going to Disney world for my honeymoon . ", ' I have been looking forward to her visit for weeks and was very excited when I met her .  ', "Oh , my God ! I've been cheated ! ", ' Thank you . ', 'When my brother gave me a watch.', "When my neighbour's house was broken into and shots could be heard.", 'Fear of the loss of a close friend, of feeling the ground slipping from under my feet.', 'When I learnt that I had been admitted to the university.', 'I felt very sad when I was in Form three to notice that my friend Barley Jumbe, had lost very expensive new sports short trousers.', 'At a news conference at the Royal Geographical Society in London , they described the mental and physical anguish of their 95-day trek . ', 'Concered my of hights today! Went all the way to the top of climbing! Sooo proud and beat enrique on quad biking!:D love my girls x', ' I will call you when a computer is free . ', 'The offended Titan lumbered forward and stamped upon one Raider , crushing it underfoot . ', 'In 1977, my grandfather, to whom I had a very close relationship, died.', 'Watching suffering in Third World country.', 'When I recently thought about the hard work it takes to study, and  how one wants to try something else.  When I read a theoretical book in English that I did not understand.', 'I came home one day and discovered that my sister had borrowed my car and had gotten into an accident with it. My entire front bumper was destroyed.', 'I felt fear of the purest kind after a car accident.  The incident and images of horror kept coming back to my mind.  I wondered what could have happened to my sister, my friend and me, though nothing very serious actually happened.', 'They were exasperated and mystified . ', " I won't be long . No more than ten minutes . Why don't you go ahead and I'll meet you in the park ? ", 'When I heard that I had passed the second year exams.', 'It was when I was selected to go to a Secondary school to start form I.', 'They had returned much less of my taxes than I had expected. ', "After my father's death.", "What are we going to do ? I can't get the car out of this ditch . I'm stuck ! ", 'Once I saw some children hunting a cat to death.', " I know . This is terrible . What can we do ? This snow doesn't stop falling ! ", 'Before knowing my marks I was not sure that I wanted to go to that class.', "Afraid I wouldn't catch the train when I was going to see my sweetheart.", 'Winning a tight tennis match. One set to play, and the team was behind by 3 games. We won the last set 6-2 and won the match by a game.', 'Are you going to the party on Saturday ? ', 'At a choral concert I appeared as a solist. The concert5 was very good, I forgot all the hard work that had been done before. There remained only an undescribable joy and a feeling of warmth, security etc.', ' Believe it ! ', "It was during the beginning of the term. I had K100 and kept it in my handbag. I left the handbag in the wardrobe but didn't lock it. Next time I found that K30 were stolen.", 'That someone would discover whom I really love.', "At the death of my friend's father and especially as this happened ten days before her wedding.", " We'll see how much fun it is after they take all your money ! ! ", ' Why not ? ', "But conservatives are also miffed about Foster 's long ties to the Planned Parenthood Federation of America and the fact that his teen-age pregnancy program dispenses contraceptives .", ' Not always . ', 'After a long time I saw my boy-friend again. ', ' Why don ’ t you help me save money ? You are always spending money . ', 'And Victoria now pulled her granddaughter past the indignant old lady , whose face was expressing shock . ', ' On Friday . ', 'Larry fucks with me everytime RT @ToeNailUrFace: In about 48 hours some of us lucky ones will be frisked by security @OfficialPWG ', ' No way ! They want publicity for themselves , so that they get invited to make more films , go to lots of cocktail parties , and even make albums ! They have such an easy life . They don ’ t even pay for Drin ', ' yes ! ', ' Nobody told me that before . ', ' My exam . ', 'She was not nervous of Martin Bean . ', " I'll never get over it . Oh , Harry , it was all so unnecessary . That man ! ! How could he do this to us after we'd put him up ? ", "I woke up in the middle of the night as I had jumped and shouted with fear.  I thought that someone's cold hand or something similar had touched my hand.  I crept down under the covers and went back to sleep.", ' There are several possible sources you might use for that topic . I suggest you use the computer and the computer will give you a list of every scientific journal that talks about children and television . ', 'Found money on the road and returned it to the owner through police.', " You can't be serious . How dare you not tell me you were going to marry her ? ", 'I have a slight irrational of disappearing or going into a fugue state somewhere. #GCcal, #Twitter and now #Foursquare help me w/that.', 'When my grandmother died. I had a very deep relation to her (I lived with her for several years).', 'not afraid of tomorrow, for I have seen yesterday and I love today #less”', ' Have you ever been to America ? ', 'I woke up in the middle of the night of a nightmare, I was alone, it was very quiet and very dark.', '` I \'m so angry our little boy is dead because someone wanted to drive fast . " ', ' But there are only two more days until the bidding closes ! ', 'When a friend of mine died in a hiking accident.  I was not present there and only got the news later.', 'He was exasperated , but not cast down . ', "Sybil 's expression , which had become momentarily sad , softened into a tender smile that was wholly natural . ", "The only way I can describe week 13: in Harry Potter when everyone is scared to say Voldemort's name out loud. #PresentedLikeATrueNerd", ' Did she ? That ’ s great . However , if we have too many children , that will have a bad effect on the enviroment . ', 'The long lasting illness of my grand-mother, and the changes in family relationships caused by it.', ' I think you should reconsider and do some more research about tattoos . Also , find out where the nearest tattoo parlor is and make sure they used sterilized needles , and that the place is hygienic . ', 'I played chess with my 12-year-old brother. I made a stupid mistake - and he won!', 'Morrissey was ecstatic at the response . ', 'Tero followed them at a distance , watching her new friend with sorrowful anxious eyes . ', "At my sister's wedding.", ' Silly me . ', ' So what ? ', 'Death of General Ye Jianying.', 'I suffer from a disease of my muscles. Therefore, I am only able to attend lectures for half a day. So, sometimes I miss obligatory lectures. However, the teachers do not take into account my disease, and punish me with detention work, resulting in an overload.', 'I felt much anger when my father interferred in my relations with another person whom I liked very much, ending something that I adored.', ' Thank you for your kindly words . ', " I'm sorry . The restaurant is full now . You have to wait for about half an hour . Would you care to have a drink at the lounge until a table is available ? ", ' News about current affairs , documentaries , music , movies , noncommercial ads and so on . ', "` Cool it , Steve , and tell me why you 're so ecstatic . ", 'Donna seemed quite excited about it . ', 'When I met my mother after not having seen her for three years.', 'You know ... I did very poorly on that test . ', 'When I received a positive answer from my appeal to withdraw my registration at university.', ' Yes . Then I noticed he was on the sidewalk behind me . He was following me . ', 'I \'m very pleased with how we \'ve reacted to our bad start to the season . " ', ' Would you like to have lunch with me ? ', 'The death of my grandmother.', '@WalkingstickMtn is a motivator to do, or not to do.  it should be in harmony with other motivators, and naturally is.', 'Can I help you ? ', ' Yeah , I ’ m better after talking to you . ', ' I agree ... ', 'Alison had shown enough respectable horror on discovering that he was married to prove she was a nice girl . ', 'She turned to Fran , faint annoyance crossing her face . ', ' No . ', 'Being away from a very close friend, I was away from Finland for a year as an exchange student.', "The bank had made no secret of their dismay over Virgin 's venture into airlines . ", ' Oh ... ', ' What ? ', ' Right , congratulations . ', 'When I learnt that I was selected for form I.', ' What fools we were ! ', 'When I got a low grade in an administration course.', 'I have been looking at this online catalog for over an hour and I still haven ’ t finished getting all the kitchen appliances that we need ! ', ' Excuse me ? ', 'When I am travelling by car and have to meet an oncoming car while overtaking.', 'Hi Rose , what are you busy with right now ? ', 'I received a message that my elder brother was involved in a car accident and was admitted in hospital.', 'The same situation as with sadness. I was afraid about what my parents would further do to distroy my relationship.', " How's it ? ", 'I was in hospital, and then was visited by someone quite unexpected.', '` It was a sort of excitement to him . " ', " That's exactly the way I feel . ", 'I felt very sad when my boyfriend wanted to break our relationship. Our relationship lasted two years, we shared everything and all this was finished.', 'In one room , a frightened man bared his back which was a mass of scabs and bruises . ', 'The joy came to me when I heard that I was going to start a Medical course at the London School for Health Sciences.', 'Diagnosis that I have a stomache ulcer.', ' I ’ m so happy to hear that ! I knew we belong together . I love you so much . ', 'The loss of a close relative who was ill with cancer.', 'I wanted to express my fear and my horror . ', 'Seeing my sister after about 2 years of not seeing her. Only spent 1 hour or so before she was off overseas with her husband for 3 months.', ' I keep on meeting with difficulties in the experiment . I can hardly go on . ', ' Goodbye . ', ' good luck ! ', " I don't know what a bench warrant is . ", 'I felt sad when a friend of mine died and I felt that something had irrevocably gone away from me.', 'Being bored in school, not being able to marry and have children.', 'As they passed her table , she heard the older woman counting one-two-three , one-two-three like a jolly and exasperated gym teacher . ', 'It is worth , asking if all our sadness and anxiety is in fact for our child . ', "I am afraid if I'll finish the term.", ' To a disco ? Oh , no . You know I hate pop . ', 'As a child I suffered of nightmares. Even since than, I have never been so anxious and fearful.', ' What for ? ', ' Do you think I believe the story like that ? ', ' No comment . ', 'Looking through old Facebook photos, I noticed circa late spring 2009, aka graduation, that my eyes were bugged out.  ', "Let's drink some beer  more beer my music's trying to tell me something", 'When my mother was robbed in a shop.', 'You know i spend money cause spending time is hopeless ', 'factor is coming back to TV! Guilty pleasure of mine', ' Do you think so ? Well , I guess . He does look a lot like me . Oh , he ’ s got Richard ’ s eyes though . ', 'It all started early this morning , when a rather anxious mum called in at the office . ', 'Day time robbery of our house.', ' Excuse me ? ', "I'm going to Japan this year on vacation . ", ' I am pretty sure that I am in trouble . ', 'Death of my father; he died of laryngeal cancer.', " OK , but don't forget I'm here for you , and I know how you feel . It's my loss , too . ", '..checking your phone in the washroom and accidentally dropping it in the toilet...lol', 'I had been away from home for a long time and when I came home I was delighted.  It was wonderful to see familiar, dear people and I was rejoicing in advance.  I had been feeling very lonely.', ' men ! ', 'So , this is the worst story I ’ Ve heard this month . You have my real sympathy , Tim . ', 'Saw the village I come from still pay money to buy wife.', 'Keith , a general operator at Associated plant in Port , is thrilled to see his brother back home . ', ' Egg ! I told you about it last week ! Smelly Toes is playing , and Eric asked if I would go with him ! ', 'Edouard looked at him , and felt a sickening dismay . ', 'Ran into a parking car on a bicycle.', ' Well , a good rule to follow is , for men you hold out your hand , for women and children , you wait and see what they do . ', 'Yesterday, when the final whistle blew at the final match between OIS and IFK and it was certain that OIS had won the Swedish title.', 'When my bosom friend tried to lie to me.', ' America ? Did you get admit to MIT ? ', 'There was considerable public disquiet anyway , but now that bugger Parkhurst has panicked the entire country , we are going to have to lie very low . " ', 'Together with a little brother I biked on a lonely road in the Polder. Then we were annoyed by a boy on a motorbike: he took over, stopped, took over, etc. Then we saw he had something in his hand, we turned until we came across a man, who accompanied us.', " It's been my pleasure to help you . ", 'In spite of everything , Burun felt depressed by the whole affair and could not understand why . ', 'On holiday, seeing the lanscape in Girona.', ' Sure . ', 'She tried to sleep , but she was desperately nervous about tomorrow . ', 'When I heard of the death of my mother.', 'Earlier, I was afraid of speaking in front of a crowd of people.', 'When they threatened me with a knife to take my money.', 'Before my final examination.', ' Sure ? ', 'She looked desperately tired , but there were no obvious marks of grief on her face . ', ' Is that all you would like to check out ? ', 'The Germans themselves , reported William Shirer , seemed glum and resentful at the prospect of war . ', 'At last he turned to her and he could not have failed to see the anguish in her eyes . ', " It's scary . ", ' You ’ re a liar ! ', "I spoke with a friend on the phone who I haven't seen in many years. It was a joyful event to talk to him.", 'I was walking home from a place on southside and I live on Northside and I was followed. I headed my most direct route.', ' This is a pity ! ', " The seats in the middle of this stadium are great , but they're already occupied by somebody else . ", " I'm sorry . ", " I think it's because of your bad habits ! ", 'When I was told that a boy did not want to be my friend without any apparent reason.', ' And it ’ s a bargaining . A house like this in river side costs double the price . ', "Doris , I'm glad you're home . I'm terrified . I don't know what to do ! ", 'Walking through campus at night a squirrel jumped in front of me.', "Despite my anger and despair at what had happened to Brian , killing myself now wouldn't make amends for not helping him . ", ' Bye . ', 'My father and I had an argument because I do not help enough at home.', ' She is a young man ! ', 'She wished she could share her glee with Adam . ', 'When I received a letter from a woman I thought had not ever cared for me.  This was when I needed her and I was overjoyed to learn that it was me who was delaying things.', 'Afraid of getting alone without friends, without anybody.', "Woot! Woot! I'm not afraid of tomorrow, for I have seen yesterday and I love today", ' The supply outstrips the demand in the job market and women are in a disadvantageous position as a whole . ', 'Hello ! We ’ Ve been waiting for our lunch order for over an hour . Did you forget our order ? ', 'When I passed an important exam.', ' Oh , no . ', 'In the University we were convoked to a stroll like a freshman I was still innocent about the manipulation. On seeing the goal of the exaltation to poor character people, I felt anger on feeling myself mass of maneuver.', "Unexpected visit by a close friend, whom I hadn't seen for half a year.", ' $ 50 . ', 'Landlord putting up rents sneaky and slimiy.', ' You are funny ! ', 'When I started a relation with a girl, with whom I have fallen in love already some time ago.', ' Thank you . ', 'I was very happy when I passed and went to form I.  It was a great relief for me as I had been very worried considering the large number of pupils who fail.', 'When I was deputy manager during the Summer, certain deputies took liberties, more than what was normal.', 'It was after noon by the time we actually got sorted , much to the annoyance of the lady from the Public Relations company who had hired us . ', 'Last year, when I took the college entrance examinations I failed the FUVEST. It was for me the most frustrating situation because I had studied all year long, and only thought about this.', 'But a dry day would bring bigger crowds and add to the excitement of the vital third round of the tournament . ', 'When I was at a boarding school, the Rhodesian soldiers came to bomb a house near our school and we saw the whole scene.', 'It was at Malawi Army, Dormer Squadron, when some of my workmates got promoted to Sergeant we were having similar Ranks.', 'Yesterday my friend gave me a gift and had dinner with me.', 'My father had a complicated operation. A long time before and also a long time after that, we did not know how he would get over it. During all that time I felt very sad.', ' Put on a sweater ! I ’ m not gonna let you run up my heating bill just because it ’ s a bit chilly . ', ' I am afraid I am not interested in fashion . ', ' Yes I do . How about you ? ', 'I was sitting on an electric swing, suddenly the machine went out of order while I was still in the upward position.', 'constant growth...no reason to that or say #nonono to that', 'This can be dangerous work. I hate it : three field workers were trapped behind a tree by an enraged elephant after their tranquilliser dart missed its target . ', 'Accordingly , I wrote to my parents and , having pretended for years that I was relatively happy at school , I now confessed that I was utterly miserable , and begged them to take me away . ', 'Receiving a nice present from my parents.', " I'm really sorry , Ethan . I tried so hard , but I'm afraid I couldn't find a Dutch restaurant in town . The best I could do was a German one about 15 minutes from here . ", "For the first time , Coffin saw the signs of grief on Christopher Court 's face . ", "When I applied for the college entrance examination to FUVEST, and I wasn't approved in the second fase.", 'My boyfriend returned after a long absence.', "I once caught a letter in my girlfriend's handbag from a certain man. I felt anger.", 'Excuse me . Could you please take a picture of us with this camera ? ', 'On the Left there was some dismay that the reforms were not more dramatic , and especially that wealth was not redistributed more equally . ', ' Oh , sure . ', 'Last year my freshman yr. It was a day in March I did well on some tests. I seemed to finally adjust to college, it was hot and sunny. I was walking in front of a frat. when I heard Beach Boys Surfing USA. I had this overwhelming feeling that to be at CAL was good. I still have it somewhat.', 'Exchange of points of view with my sister on a family matter.', " Oh , come on . You know it's a long process , you have to be patient . ", 'Power tools coming from the hip , gunslinger style , or British Gas portraying the contented family enjoying the warm glow of its new central heating . ', 'It was when I failed standard 8 exams while all my friends passed and went to secondary school. In class I was always getting more marks than they did.', 'And yesterday his heartbroken wife Jane slammed police for failing to find him after she raised the alarm 48 hours earlier . ', "Most recently when the chairman at the New Zealand Rugby Union announced that the All Blacks' would accept the invitation of South Africa to play rugby in that country.", ' I see . ', ' I went to the library and lost my bag . ', 'A helpline has been set up for anxious parents . ', 'In certain occasion I have a fight with my boyfriend. During the fight I closed the door at his face. He went away but came back next day.', "When my boss cut off my vacations saying that in that month it wouldn't be possible, and after some time he let another girl take vacations that month. The anger was because of the resentment. Resulting from our bad relationship.", "It's terrible how things have changed.You remember there used to be trees on all these hills . ", 'Not getting on with someone of my classmates in high school.', "For all those years you've protected the seed, it's time to become the beautiful flower.~S.C. Paul   ", "I was driving near my girlfriend's house and I decided to keep going because it was late and I would be back in the next few days anyway. The next day she was killed in a road accident.", 'Piggy had no sense of humour and often got very angry when other boys found things he did amusing . ', 'Thanks for coming shopping with me . ', "` You 've got every right to be mad at me , Mike . ", 'I realized the girl liked to be with me.', "I'm tired . ", "I go along and watch women 's football and get really infuriated to see a man out there refereeing the game , and often in a very condescending manner ! ", ' I hope I can practice self-control again . ', " Ok . I'll call you back after I'm done . ", ' Well , I ’ Ve been working so hard lately , so I ’ ll probably just take it easy . ', 'Our dog had to be shot because he had killed a roe. I liked him very much and so I could not resign myself to that. I hated the hunter who shot him.', 'I had a car accident.', ' Is that all you need ? ', ' I ’ m very sorry . ', 'I just had a terrible week . ', ' Ah , it ’ s hard to say . ', " Oh , come on ! Don't be so sour . These are beautiful shirts . I know if we don't buy some today , you will never go shopping by yourself . ", " In college . But I don't dance very often . What's your favourite dance ? ", ' And ? ', " That should give us time for a cup of coffee . I'll go and get some . ", ' Why ? ', 'My 3 children - each top his class in the final exams 1984.', 'She looked up at Phoebe with an anguished expression that was nearly honest repentance . ', 'When I was finally able to return to a job that I enjoyed doing after several months absence (I was not needed during this time).', ' Hello ! ', 'He paced about for some time , looking agitated . ', " I'm sorry . What's your name again ? ", 'Headmaster Jim Jones recalled her delight at winning the egg and spoon race . ', "Rebecca went in search of her bag , and Lissa sent an irate look in Adam 's direction . ", '@RevRunWisdom: not afraid of tomorrow, for I have seen yesterday and I love today #less”', 'When they stole my dark blue tennis.', ' 20/350 . ', 'When I was just to be divorced.', 'I have once been very sad and lonely.  This was when I was trying to organize a play as a student (15 years).  Instead of materializing, it fizzled out.  The worst thing was that the play fell apart completely and I found myself weeping uncontrollably.  Now when I think of it, I laugh it off; but at that time it was intense.', ' Salesman ? ', 'I am separated from my husband.  The way he has behaved towards me makes me angry.', 'And as the aspirations of the various professions , of students , of the ` third element " rose , so did their exasperation at continuing official inefficiency , corruption and oppression . ', 'I got to know that I had been accepted at university.', ' Yes . ', 'When a good friend of mine behaved in a very cool manner to me for a very long time.', 'I felt afraid when I smoked marihuana for the first time in my life with a lot of friends in the middle of the street at day brake.', ' In fact , they ’ re both very excited about the coming baby . Evelyn imagines what their baby would be look like , since one parent is American and the other one is Chinese . ', 'Staying alone in the biology building after the dark.', 'When they changed my office to another room without my agreement.', 'When I heard that I had made it to the second year at university.', 'This happened a year when I was having a hard time, I got admission to do research despite obstacles in the procedure of admission.', 'Rather than match China \'s firmness , it can be confidently predicted , the Hong Kong authorities will follow past form , cease muttering about their shock and horror over Tiananmen , and return to bland assurances that the negotiations with Peking about a post-1997 ` Basic Law " for Hong Kong are going well . ', '" She looked fondly at Anne ` s bright eyes and happy face . ', ' Hi , Alex ! ', 'I was rushing home from school because there was a 49er game that night. I got into a non-injury accident, which was all my fault, but destroyed the front of my car. The truck I hit was undamaged.', "At my grandfather's death.", ' Eighteen . ', ' Ok , then . ', ' Yes , and please be more careful in the future ! ', ' How about going to the suburbs ? ', 'When I was a child, my beloved cat gave birth to four beautiful little kittens. Before she had them, she came up to me and I followed her out, then witnessed them being born.', 'That is the most beautiful sunset ! ', 'He turned away , his feeling of anguish at the nothingness of it all overwhelming him . ', ' Thank you . ', "A host of splendid 19th century rooms throughout Lord Byron 's apartments are open for the delight of the public . ", 'Indignant over suggestions that the Prime Minister has replaced his Jaguar with a Rover , Nigel Lawson can at least draw comfort from the fact that he is a wanted man in the City . ', 'Yesterday it was also disclosed that glamorous Suzannah Dwyer told her devastated husband of her romance 24 hours before Bates went public with the news at a press conference . ', ' Maybe . ', 'He laughed shortly , little amusement on his face . ', ' Okay . ', 'A friend of mine told other people that I was a slattern (because of an occurence that had happened some time ago). When I heard about that I was very angry.', 'To his great sorrow he could never recall his mother . ', 'In Southern Tyrol, I was gathering apples, it was a fine day, I was not thinking about anything, I felt an overwhelming joy.', 'Cranston , too , was thinking about events in the Tower but was too anxious to concentrate on the problems they posed . ', ' Well , I don ’ t mean to boast but all the designs are done by myself and some colleagues are already trying to copy some of them for their new apartments . Look , they are making photos now of my designed kitchen . ', " I've been snowed under with since my bosses away on business . ", 'Saw poverty in the countryside.', ' Oh , I ’ m sorry to hear that . I know how you feel . Please don ’ t be sad . ', 'When my sister took something that belonged to me without my permission.', ' I think we should discourage people from using their private cars . They produce too much pollution ! ', 'When I saw Russian roulette on TV. (obviously the movie \\Deer hunter\\")"', 'My mother was working with a knife and we were all laughing heartily.  She was not able to control the knife and stuck it deep into her hand.', ' Gucci , I have an idea . Do you want to see this movie together ? ', ' Depends . ', ' Why not ? ', 'Gonna be awake all night after seeing those snakes ', 'Thought had discovered true love.', ' When ? ', 'Fear fingered Ruth again , and she suppressed a futile burst of anger against Adam . ', 'My cat was sick and I had to take him to the vet to be put down - no one else there to do it.', 'When I won a trip to Greece in a competition.', ' See you . ', ' Sure . ', 'When I was dancing with a dame at a social, one of my friends who  was interested in her came and took her away from me.  I was really angry with him then.', 'I join the hon. Gentleman in expressing our sorrow at that tragic loss . ', 'Niggas is bitch everytime you see me you walking with your head down , cmon son i dont want you to me .', "When my last year's second semester results came through - I was ecstatic.", 'We were driving at night and I realized that a car was following us.', 'When my aunt told me angrily that I was a good-for-nothing and she was fed up with my behaviour.', 'When I received the first year results as the first year had involved a lot of work and I was very pleased when I got the results.', 'When there was a fight at home and my father threatened to throw a chair on my brother.', ' That ’ s a nice area too . It ’ ll be a good investment for you . ', 'When I received my TE Score and my acceptance from University - it had been a goal since I left the bank a year earlier.', 'Yes , sir ? ', 'When my room-mate was making noise deliberately, by playing a flute early in the morning while I was trying to study.', ' By who ? ', 'I feel really miserable to tell the truth . ', 'I won the country ski championship.', ' Thank you for your encouragement . ', ' What does that mean ? ', " I know . I'll get over him . My first break up was painful because I was naive . ", ' Yes , I do . ', "` I used to be sad and pathetic , but I 'm not so miserable any more . ", ' I know . ', 'I had an exam and I had it well prepared.  I did the first part very well but did not know the second part.', "A few days back a friend of mine poked me in the ribs for fun's sake, though I had warned him an infinite number of times that it really hurts me, he did it again.  I usually ignore this but this time I flared up for a split second and threatened to bash him up.  This is the latest incident when I lost my temper, though I felt very bad about it later.", ' A girl he met on holiday in Spain , I think . ', "When I was victimized for running away with a girl who was somebody else's wife and niece at the same time.  I was very angry over this issue because I was told to pay him money after having been punished for it. ", 'Excuse me . ', 'I did not do as well as I expected on a chemistry exam. I received a score below the average and I thought I had done very well.', 'When I was accepted at university.', 'When you are satisfied with something, when you achieve something you have striven to.', ' Did she ? That ’ s great . However , if we have too many children , that will have a bad effect on the enviroment . ', ' 3 days . ', 'The note of anger carried to the groups and couples passing by , provoking amusement and raised eyebrows . ', ' I fell down and hurt my arm . ', ' I am sorry , but you need a receipt for a refund . ', ' Romantic ? I am afraid I like thrillers better . ', ' I ’ m not going to put this off any longer , Casey ! I want those photos ASAP ! ', 'When the contract about my shop was signed.', 'Angry when our team (small boys) lost the county championship football final.', 'I knew a girl so lovely that everyone would like her.  But she refused to accept my Christmas present and I tried to forget her.', 'When I heard that my father had been involved in a car accident in Europe.  This happened when he had gone to get the car which had been stolen in Europe.', 'When I passed my Primary school leaving certificate and selected to go to a Boarding secondary school.', 'I lived alone in a repulsive area in the city of Rotterdam. I was annoyed, heard a lot of Burglary and assaults. Especially in the evening and the night I frequently felt anxious.', "Overheard during Thanksgiving dinner: They're going to PROVIDENCE executions murder rate", ' that awful parking garage drives me angry', 'When my father passed away.', 'She was nervous that he might change his mind at the last minute , but he did not do so . ', ' But that is terrible ! I am only here for one night ! ', 'I had problems with tutors trying to encourage me to diversity my work and experiment with other styles , but I was quite happy with the direction my work was heading so I stubbornly stuck to it . ', 'Her emotion this time was not prompted by grief for her mother -- but by the seriousness of the moment . ', 'I felt joy when I saw my daughter after a separation of twenty days.', ' They released me the next morning . ', " Please forgive me . You have my word . I'll spend some time with you on the weekend . I promise . ", 'When the neighbour of a friend of mine was stabbed to death by thieves in Kabwe.  They stole his van.', ' I know where to put my card ! Stupid machine , talking to me like I ’ m an idiot ... ', 'The finding of the " goat " has caused particular excitement , since i is one of the few large mammals to have been discovered this century . ', ' Are you enjoying married life ? ', 'Then , in response to my crestfallen look , he added kindly : ` Of course you did not look gay -- you \'re no screaming queen -- but nevertheless I just knew . " ', 'This is a nice set of wheels . How much did the dealer charge you for this ? ', ' Thank you . ', ' If you damage the video , you will be fined . ', 'Reading a nice book and talking about it to my friend.', " I'm embarrassed ! I forgot completely about them . I'm terribly sorry . ", 'At various periods in his life , he had felt contented , satisfied , angry -- certainly angry -- smug , remorseful , even guilty . ', ' Calm down ! ', ' What is it ? ', "After a long trip in my dad's van without incident I stopped to fill the tank with gas and dented the side of the van against the pole. Then my cars electrical system would not work when I tried to drive home from his house.", ' No problem , man . ', 'Hi , Alan . I feel very nervous because I am going to have a job interview next Monday . Could you please give me some suggestions ? ', 'Somebody was blaming me of a story which was not real and not true.', " Oh , I'm afraid all the flowers will die in the rain . ", 'When my husband got picked up in our new car for drunken driving. We had made a pact the other would not drink and so therefore would be the driver for the evening etc. I was not present at the time.', 'When I got separated from the man I loved so much.', " You're right . He sure is . ", 'Jane was in a state of high excitement . ', 'I awoke at night and did not remember dreaming about anything in particular.  I just felt oppressing fear, it was dark and all the others were sleeping.', 'When I found out I had passed all of my university exams.', 'Being elected as class leader.', " That's great . Well , we'd better get back to our seats . It's about to start . ", '@koci71 nice pun there to make me chuckle, thanks Kev! Still petrified though... I woke up with a wheezy chest ', 'When a car is overtaking another and I am forced to drive off the road.', 'Mom ? ', ' You were dull at that time . ', 'When I learnt that I had been betrayed by my friend.', " no . I used to have one though . Once I started using my bicycle to get around , I found that I didn't really need it . ", " Better or worse , it doesn't matter . I had a lot of feelings for him . I really liked him ", 'When one is unjustly accused of something one has not done.', 'When going to the exam.', ' sure . Good luck , Maria ! ', 'She looked at the crumpled figure who was fighting for breath on the pillow , perspiration pouring down his anguished face . ', 'My son was born.', 'When I received the S.Y.J.C results, the marks I obtained were not up to my expectations and I missed admission in engineering.', 'When I went home on holidays I found that my niece and nephew had passed away I was very sad for the children were not even sick before death but suddenly died.', ' Certainly . ', 'She was distressed and anxious at being separated from her friends , and rapidly developed colic . ', 'Physically she felt devastated . ', 'Ouch ! I just bit my tongue . ', ' Trust me . ', 'When realizing that my girlfriend and myself in fact had started the process of breaking up.', ' But I cannot forget him . ', 'I confronted a bigger person than I and almost got into a fight.', 'Made a wonderfull new friend.', "This came in when at one time I met a girl who I didn't expect to fall in love with me. Fortunately I tried my luck and she accepted my proposal. At the same time she was giving me a lot of money which was just like a miracle to me.", 'How about going to the cinema tonight ? ', ' What is it ? ', 'is the wrong use of imagination. It is anticipating the worst not the best.', 'I felt fear when I was young and left in my big house all alone.', 'I phoned two friends and was not able to arrange a meeting with either of them, so I had to change my plans.', 'I had got a bad cold. My father said I must be crazy to go by motorbike at those temperatures. When I answered him that I did not care about a cold, he said that if I did not care for anything I could leave him (it was for the second time he said something like that).', " Okay , thank you . I'll make another reservation as soon as I can . ", "My mom called early in the morning (On a Monday) and I had just seen her that weekend. I couldn't understand what could be so important as to make her call at such a strange hour. I missed the call and had to call her back that afternoon.", "A friend which I hadn't seen for years, sent me a small present.", 'At the railway station, while waiting for the last train at night I noticed that a drunk young man was approaching me in a purposeful mannner.', 'I was driving and a deer suddenly appeared in front of the car when there was a lot of traffic behind me.', ' Thanks . ', 'My parents were having a typical family argument.  I came in and saw the scene and became angry.', '` Of course , we were devastated , but we knew now what had been wrong all along -- and at least they couldn\'t blame me any more . " ', "The day that the results of the college entrance examinations for the S. Paulo University were published and I didn't find my name on the list. Entering this University was my greatest wish, and  the fact of not having succeded caused a great frustration, and not only sadness.", ' I think so . ', 'He was not overjoyed to see them , but he played along , switching on the charm . he was actually upset', 'The Estonians require a language test before full civil rights are granted , to the dismay of their Russian-speaking population . ', 'During the last academic year i.e 1983/1984 just before the closure, we were surrounded and threatened by the paramilitary forces.', ' But you should tell me you were in love with her . ', 'Though later when I did the piece in Vienna I was furious when the orchestra showed up with five basses and a dozen first violins . ', ' afraid of making a mistake . ', '` You mustn\'t be downcast , " said Lydia . ', 'When I learnt that a friend of mine had talked about me to another friend and had said wrong things about my abilities and attitudes.  I was very angry.', 'One Saturday morning I had got ready to go out swimming with my friends.  Unfortunately the weather did not permit it, so we stayed indoors.', 'If you are really nervous of being out and about , invest in a personal alarm , which you should carry in your hand at all times . ', ' Why ? ', 'My 2 year old daughter disappeared in a moment of inattention; I was responsible for her.', 'Louise was overjoyed with the suggestion . ', " Well , I think it's the time to pull the plug . ", ' So I hear . ', ' Oh , flowers ! What for , my dear ? ', "I began to dislike her ; she looked sly and I felt indignant that she 'd spoken to me like that . ", 'She knew how badly modigliani needed money so he tried to offer him a sum within his means for the beautiful oil , but modigliani was offended and obliged Indenbaum to accept the portrait as a present . ', 'The fellow , sighing dramatically , rose wearily from his chair like an exasperated parent dealing with two naughty children . ', "I wrote a letter to my boyfriend but he couldn't answer it in time so as a defence mechanism I just found that I felt so sad about it and couldn't talk to anyone.", "What's the matter with you then ? You look miserable . ", 'When summer is over and I have to leave the town where I spend my holidays.', 'I was at the cinema with my sister and her boyfriend.  A man sitting beside me started to stroke my leg for a while, he left in the middle of the film.', 'His teachers were suspicious of his popularity , annoyed by his lack of interest in academic work and infuriated that he could still achieve high marks in examinations . ', 'There is danger in traditional paper media calling electronic media (youtube, blogger, etc.)', 'Bought something bad from the shop and they refused to change it.', '@Jmeeks20 Got his days numbered. before he go against them clipper boys with the speedos and thong flip flops da beach!!!!', 'Someone signed up for a workshift at the co-op where I live and she did not want to work the switchboard. I became very angry. She had mentioned earlier that she wanted and needed the workshift to me so I did not sign up.', 'I was very startled when, at night at 2.00 am, a boy approached me and yelled \\I fuck you\\", then however he stopped and laughed at me."', 'When I can see my parents because now I am far from them.', 'She was irritated , indignant . ', 'Today more and more people advocate lifelong learning . But people have different views about lifelong learning . How do you understand lifelong learning ? ', 'When I passed the driving test already on the first try, although I felt more and more uncertain as the day came near.', 'I experienced joy when I got the results - I had made it to the second year.', "One night at three o'clock I was followed by a driver, who tried to molest me.", 'Before the exam.', ' Have a nice journey ! Do give my regards to your parents . ', 'I went to practice in Sweden during summer, and I was afraid that I would not do well.', 'Why does every single thing have to terrify me more than it should.', 'I was sleeping nicely until in the middle of the night when I became awake because a friend called me for some (in my opinion) nonsens reason.', ' I will find one myself , of course . I ’ m a modern girl . ', 'Girlfriend arriving back from overseas and picking her up from airport. When she finally appeared from customs and we came in contact again.', " Well , I didn't think so at first . But as we started talking , I found him extremely funny and witty . I couldn't stop laughing at his jokes ! And we have so much in common . We like the same team , music , and most amazingly , we both love Chinese food ! I have the feeling that we are going to be great friends . ", ' I will get right on that , and I am very sorry . ', " I'd love to , but I'm afraid I can't . ", 'Being told that I am a stupid person.', 'I felt fear when my mother was heavily ill.', "When I woke up in the middle of the night because of a dream, it wasn't a nightmare, it was an unintelligible dream in wich I woke because of a certain end.", ' Which man ? ', ' John . ', " It's too late to say sorry now.Oh , what am I going to do ? ", 'People having a football match outside the window during the lecture.', " I'm glad to help you . But what is it you want to ask about ? ", 'He was very frightened now . ', ' After you . ', '@LovePWG I live about an hour from Los Angeles too. Maybe I will purchase today and get it by Fri so I can watch it before ', 'Oh ! ', 'My first kiss.', 'Not only was he going to be absolutely furious about her being in this police station , but she dreaded having to tell her cousin about it too . ', ' Www ! ', " Yes , it's so exciting , though I had the most falls in our skiing team . ", "Words bubbled in Jay 's mind with an absurdly happy smile . ", " Thanks . I'd love to . What time is the show ? ", ' Yes . ', 'She spoke quietly in Greek to the boy , soothing his annoyance at the turning off of the video . ', " She's my grandma . ", 'Auguste sat in the small balcony with his mother and father , for once not noticing the unaccustomed of their best clothes , so excited were they . ', 'When I was told that the form five results were out.', ' Yes . ', 'The only event I can remember is having a nightmare when I was very young (3 years old) I dreamt about a machine which was going to crush me.', '` Madam Speaker , I know that there will be great sadness at this news . ', ' No , but I ended up finding out later that night when I saw her with another man at a club near my home ! ', 'Come on , Tara . Let ’ s go up to the window and buy two tickets . The movie is starting in a few minutes . ', 'My elation of the previous day began to evaporate until I remembered Agnes , the indentures I had signed , and the basic honesty of Ralemberg and de Macon . ', 'He was tired as a treatment for depressed patients , and , given over a period of weeks rather than days , but it had disadvantages as well as advantages . ', ' Oh , uh ... Thanks . Henry , do you have a light ? ', ' The first class is a Tuesday and Thursday class from two to three . ', ' But why would a guy be selling new video cameras for twenty dollars ? ', 'First day back on the job.', ' That ’ s too much . ', 'When I got a letter offering me the Summer job that I had applied for.  ', " It's very impressive . Can you use the Internet on your phone ? ", ' Yes , he does have Richard ’ s eyes . The baby even looks like you than Richard does . ', 'Getting my acceptance letter from CAL. ', "My fiancT's family was adopting a 5 years old boy. I felt myself close to him as I never felt before. After some time his mother demanded the care of the kid and we were obliged to send him back.", ' Never mind . ', 'When I finished the work that I had planned to do - my homework.', 'My parents are always saying I am not good enough . ', ' I ’ m afraid not , Bob . One of the major volcanoes in Mexico has erupted , causing major floods and landslides in the region . Meanwhile , Mexico ’ s coast has been hit by hurricane and officials say that all the seismic activity leads them to believe that a tsunami may hit Central America , affecting Honduras , Guatemala and Panama . That ’ s all the news we have for today , but stay tuned for updates on the six o ’ clock news . Back to you Bob . ', " Sally ? She is a bachelor girl . She is an excellent designer . Many of the company's advertisements are her child trains . ", 'When the person that I was very fond of, returned to me.', 'Hello ? ', ' And you often go back to live with your parents and leave our son in the room by himself . ', ' yeah . ', 'I would breeze through them Spiders, the Snakes however... different matter ', 'Being chosen to do this experiment.', ' But she means a lot to me . ', ' What is it ? ', ' I can ’ t wait to go there myself . ', ' I have to work on Saturday all day ! I really hate my job ! ', ' I see . ', 'Begining the week-end with my girlfriend : coziness, beer and wine.', ' I went sailing , fishing , and horseback riding . ', 'My boyfriend hinted over the phone about wanting to \\be free\\".  He thus did not say it point blank, silence followed."', " Well , it's a special day . They say if you survive the first year , the rest is smooth sailing . ", ' Thanks . ', ' It makes me sick . ', 'A close relative of mine died in a serious car accident.  I was one of the first two people to see the corpse and I had to do it.  Before going in to see it I was afraid as it was the first time that I was seeing a corpse.', 'At school, a couple of years ago, a so-called acquaintance told lies about me to a teacher I was told about it by friends who overheard the conversation.', 'He uttered a short sharp bark , which made Rosie jump ; she assumed it was a cough , then realised that it was intended as an expression of amusement . ', ' Well OK , I am just afraid of getting food poisoning . ', 'My sister had to undergo a very complicated operation, her eyesight was at stake.', ' Why not ? ', 'Unjust accusations directed at me and my way of acting, by someone close to me.  ', 'I got better marks in the exam than many arrogant people.', 'My academic result was poor and I had to repeat the second year.  I felt sad about the coming several years.', ' To me English is a difficult language . ', 'There was a lot of irritation between me and a person who lives in the same house where I live. Suddenly it became too much for me and I accused him of several things.', " Oh yes , I loved it . Wasn't the scene with the judge great ? ", ' Check out what happens when I put on the brakes suddenly . It can stop quickly . ', ' Sorry , sir . We receive credit card and cash only . ', '@DFord10 You wasnt smiling last night! Everytime i got around you your heart started racing and your lip trembled! ', "I received a letter from my grandmother. She has obviusly suffered a lot from my grandfather's suffering health. She mentioned things she had gotten him and he would never use.", ' has anything else happened to you ? ', 'When I made up with a girl-friend of mine after having been on unfriendly terms with her (my fault).  I cried with joy that evening.', 'The exam was drawing near and I wanted to prepare for it.  But I had a lot of other things to do so I did not have much time to prepare  for the exams.  Whenever I sat down to study I was scared that I would  not be able to finish it.', 'Mom , I hate eating vegetables ! ', ' That sounds wonderful . ', "Bad food in the students' dining hall.", ' And ? ', " Hey , I am a pretty cool guy . I will make friends , and I'll have a lot of extracurricular activities too . You know , like fencing , or theater or something . ", ' I was turned down again . It ’ s frustrating . I guess you ’ Ve got to teach me some skills . ', "Within the ranks of the music press , there seemed to be a genuine grief at the split and the band 's loyal followers responded accordingly , filling the letter pages with tearful , doleful sentiment . ", ' Parker . ', "Darling Bob , don't be cross if I haven't got it right , but is it one of your beloved American writers ? ", "Nigel became despondent but I didn't . ", " It's sounds like fun . ", 'With horror in her eyes , the nurse stated that the young girl had tearfully told the physician the events that had led to her tragic situation . ', 'One of my friends asked me to go shopping with her, another friend of hers was also coming along.  During the outing they kept talking to each other and I felt left out, even when I tried to talk to them they seemed not to listen to me and did not pay me much attention.', 'I felt sad when I heard that my cousin had passed away just suddenly.', " I am sorry to say it's not on the way , but during loading . The tins inside the cases were broken evidently through rough handling . ", 'Mañana a la pista de hielo de Menacho con la clase de E. Fisica... deseadme suerte para que no me haga un esguince, o algo peor... x) ', 'I felt it on the same occasion when I felt sadness which finally grew into anger.', ' Thanks ! ', 'ALAN Hickman from Derbyshire became worried about the advice he was receiving over his pension transfer when he realised that each expert he consulted recommended a different course of action . ', "As trains halted , the orchestra struck up Aaron Copland 's Fanfare For The Common Man much to the amusement and delight of curious passengers . ", ' Fine . ', ' I know . Last week he gave me a lie about being too busy . ', 'I met a certain lady at Mchesi and I proposed a word of love to her and at the same time she accepted my proposal.', 'After my boy-friend had beaten me for the first time, I always trembled when somebody knocked on my door or when I heard steps coming nearer.', 'On a trip to Santander we wanted to stop at a curve because a friend was sick, and the car skidded of the gravel.', 'The other day he slapped Liam across the face and got mad at me when I complained . ', 'When I recently got an appartment in central Gottenburg.', 'Fear will always haunt me, but hope will always conquer.   ', ' It ’ s all religion . Take the theory of the Big Bang.How is it possible that all of the stuff in the universe comes from an explosion ? That ’ s no better than Atlas carrying the globe on his back or African myths about turtles and stuff . ', 'He liked to think of her being pleased at getting a letter . ', 'Not realisation of the desired profession (aviator).', 'This house is very nice for me , but I can ’ t afford it in a lump sum . ', ' I believe that you can make your dream come true . ', 'My friend is very anxious about your welfare . ', 'I am not downhearted . ', 'Came back from surfing to find car broken into and gear and money stolen.', "I'm terribly nervous . ", ' tomorrow . ', 'Someone who always took care for the key of the sports hall stayed away without letting us know. Next time he did as if nothing had happened.', 'I felt happy when I saw my brother at the bus depot after 3 months without seing each other.', " You can't be serious . How dare you not tell me you were going to marry her ? ", ' Me too . To keep up with the changing world , one must be involved in lifelong learning and be ready to accept new things . ', 'During a lecture, a colleague who did not know anything about the subject, got on my nerves asking silly questions.', 'Looking for the toilet in a dark place.', 'earthquake.', ' Earth crake', 'I felt so desolate , and so angry . " ', 'Now I felt really depressed . ', "Wasn't there one word of sympathy he could offer to ease her sorrow at having loved and lost him ? ", 'She showed her anger in public by virtually ignoring Charles . ', "Yes , I 'd like to declare a small case of French flu , a dangerous fondness for Flaubert , a childish delight in French road-signs , and a love of the light as you look north . ", ' Sorry , I ’ m looking for my wallet . ', ' Of course . ', "Germans were resentful of France 's post-war attempts to keep them under close control , and it could not automatically be expected that they would agree to join European institutions . ", 'Being alone in the room at night.', 'A relative, whom I like very much, left for the United States.', 'My grandfather died, when I was an exchange student in the USA.', " That's good to know . Oh , listen ! The band's playing our song . ", ' In the end it was a nice evening and I got an iPad as my birthday present which I wanted for a while . ', 'When I understood I was admitted to the Sofia University.', 'Jess felt faintly indignant at the remark . ', "A shop in Downtown wouldn't accept my Visa Card - before December last year.", 'Waiting for my girlfriend to come from her apt. to mine. She was very late and I thought something awful had happened.', " Sorry , I don't feel like playing . I have too much homework . ", ' The counselors were so nice too . It was the best summer ever . Except for all those mosquitoes ! ', "I'm not afraid of tomorrow, for I have seen yesterday and I love today #less", ' Like what ? ', 'He looked around at their delighted faces and began to feel embarrassed . ', 'South Korea winning more gold medals in the Asian Olympic (more than China).', 'My boy-friend had promised me to come an 10 a.m. - he was 3 hours late.', ' Nice to meet you , too . ', 'I felt happy when my mother gave birth to a son who is the last born in the family.', 'Sitting in front of the looking glass , making up her face , she hoped that Anthony was all right and not quite as heartbroken as Julia seemed to think he was . ', 'I bought a Christmas present for my girl-friend. On my way home I was really glad about having found such a suitable thing.', "Gut wrenching pain. Please don't let it be true ", "When I heard the news of my grandfather's sudden death.", 'Stanley Spencer had been through the war ; he had experienced the horror , the vulgarity , of war . ', " I hope not . Then we'd have to reschedule our baseball game . ", 'We were confused and anxious when we were not understood . ', ' Turn on the radio ? What for ? ', 'Despite a flaring anger at this impertinence her eyes were drawn to the strong column of his throat as he swallowed . ', ' I sure did . ', 'I was supposed to meet my girlfriend at a pre-arranged place but it took me an hour to find her.', " Thank you for coming . I'm glad you liked it . ", " No , don't , I don't want to see you anymore . Don't ever call me again . ", 'People waiting for trains watched in horror as the violence spread towards the Hall . ', 'When I realised that I was forgiven by the God who is there, when I realised how much God loves me and that my acceptance with him is not based on my performance - that he loves me unconditionally and showed that love in Christ who died because I do need forgiveness.', ' Why ? ', ' Yeah , after all the explanations like , it ’ s too heavy , I was in a hurry ... whatever . ', ' Whatever am i going to tell me parents . ', 'Seems that the sky will fall with so much rain, lightning never seen so many in a  only night o.O ', '@yasaikatsucurry @Declasm i just narrowly escaped being left solo with 2 children ', 'If we deny  that is given to us,if we refuse to give love because we #pain or loss,then our lives will be empty,our loss greater.', "I have a that one day I'm going to sit to pee and something's going to bite my ass, or worse my twat. #anaconda #fuckthatshit", "I'm not afraid of tomorrow, for I have seen yesterday and I love today #less” good one!", 'A male, Honduran acquaintance of mine despised my opinions.', ' for what ? ', "I ran a race for the CAL track team and I did terribly and then the coach said that I should sit out for the season. I felt really sad because I wasn't going to be able to run. It was something I always had done and now I couldn't do it anymore.", 'It could well become agitated at the dispersal of the pigeons , turn its head towards the lights , and bark heatedly at the road workers . ', 'I was called racial slurs behind my back.', 'A friend of mine ridiculed me, telling me that I would never accomplish anything. I felt that he had interfered with my life.', ' I often feel so tired . ', 'After the fact that made me ashamed I felt sadness.', "@iAnteneh we do my is I don't wanna mess up,but no doubt McGill is a good school I just don't wanna live in Montreal lol", 'In August,1983, the long awaited \\big envelope\\" (a document for C.U.H.K admission) arrived.  It was in the afternoon and I had not been doing anything.  When the postman, with his big bag, knocked on the door I knew what it was about.  I hurriedly opened the envelope and my mood at that time is hard to describe.  It lasted several hours and only calmed down later."', 'When I got home I found that the electrical supply had been disconnected despite my having paid the full bill a few days earlier.', ' I know . I feel bad about how much my car is adding to the pollution problem in this city . ', ' What sign ? ', 'A friend of mine tried to persuade me to go at her place to act as a model because she felt too tired. It was a quarter of an hour before the appointed time, I had just lied down and did not want to go because it was too late anyway. She said that I only was talking about looking for work, but if it was possible I would not accept it. I was angry about this unjust judgment.', 'I wanted to see a friend, I had been looking forward to it and had certain expectations, but he did not pay any attention to me, played cards with other people.', 'Sneezing an simultaneously farting ', 'Seeing this badly made questionnaire.', 'When I was left alone one week-end without being prepared for it.', ' Not really ! ', 'When I was pressing figures on the curtain cloth. I had bought the cloth after months of hindrances.', 'The session had ended with the seven of them grinning broadly , their earlier mood of despondency cast aside , their sense of unity rebuilt . ', "Joining in a research group studying consumer's behaviour and helping the people in the shop with the sales.", 'Despite the disquiet at the club this year , Mr Stringer still appears more relaxed and more in control than he did when he first took charge in that winter of 1987 . ', " Sorry , the connection is terrible . I'll call you back because I can't hear anything . ", 'Getting into this university to do medicine.', ' Certainly not . ', 'My younger brother and sister were involved in an accident on their way back from school and my brother was quite badly hurt.', 'I became irate and , alleging breach of contract and damage to her image , threatened to sue him for a 500,000 . ', 'I was in Sierra Nevada, climbing a peak over 3,000 metres high, without any light and with many other problems.  I was afraid for my life.', 'The family are not downhearted ; they have made many people across the country aware of the Trust and their work . ', ' No . ', 'Someone (a boy) paid special attention to me.', 'When we forced a friend to chew a poisonous herb in primary school.  His tongue was swollen and he told his mother about it.  The mother reported it to the headmaster who threatened to expel us.', " I'll have us ready for Stars.com by the end of next week . After that , I don't know . ", 'When I saw my brother being attacked and I could not do anything.', ' Don ’ t worry . There are many other options using the internet as dating methods . Some sites operate at international standard even have got certifications . Of course , for these sites , you have to pay a membership fee . But all in all , it is more serious and professional . The chance of meeting a good and serious person who does not play games is higher . ', 'When the gear broke on my car.', 'Sister Cecilia was flushed with vexation . ', ' 92 . ', ' Perfect ! ', 'I feel pity for the old man . ', 'When I got permission to study at a place which was far away from my home.', 'Father said : ` We are devastated , but we intend to restore the church to its former glory . ', 'When I learned that my brother had spoilt an LP of mine.', " I don't know , I can't stand my job these days . ", "She seemed nervous at first , then almost resentful of the older woman 's presence . ", 'When I found one of my new pullovers wrinkled inside the wardrobe.  My brother had done it.', ' Thank you . I will . ', ' Miss ! ', "Why don't you have dinner with me tonight ? ", ' You are scaring me ! ', ' You know the phrase , the survival the fittest . We have no choices . ', " How's life going , Zhang Lin ? ", ' It seems you two are a good match . What qualities do you look for in a friend ? ', 'And therein lay the extent of his gratitude , she realised with a feeling of despondency , but to disguise her feelings she added brightly , ` When we \'re at the hospital we must visit Stella . " ', '` Let me in for I am cold and desolate and hungry . " ', 'The only song I can really really like of his is be writing that real ', "The seats are excellent . We're right in the center . ", 'My parents were out and I was the eldest at home.  At midnight a male stranger phoned us and spoke to me in a rough language.  I hung up and heard someone walking outside our door.', 'When my grandfather was sick, and died I felt more sad, though, when he was sick.', ' Well , no. it can ’ t be that hard ! I mean , all you have to do is explain your business , how you are going to do things and that ’ s it , right ? ', "I had to go to the dentist's. When he touched my tooth with his drill, I was terribly afraid of the pain I would feel any moment.", 'Thus if a particularly irate husband pronounced the words three times in the heat of the moment the divorce was permanent and could not be reversed . ', ' Why ? ', 'When my parents complimented me very nicely on something.', "She signed on for four years after talks with Highbury boss George Graham and said : ` I 'm delighted it 's all gone through so smoothly . ", 'I had asked the teacher to write a recommendation letter for me, but I had not provided enough information and had run short of time.', ' Yes , sir . ', ' What ? ', " For God's sake ! It's too bloody . How can people be so cruel ? ", "The time I drove my uncle's car, without having asked for his permission.  It was the first time that I was driving a car.", ' I will . ', 'On my birthday, my closest friends were here at Berkeley pithched in a lot of money each and bought me ten records to replace some of my records that were stolen. They threw a small surprise party for me too.', 'When I went to town in a double decker bus.  The bus was about to fall on the way when the driver controlled it.  It had almost fallen.', 'Disappointment over a friend.', ' That ’ s all right . Thank you all the same . ', " I'd love to . ", "Ev ans was miffed at the comments and openly wondered why Bennett didn't show some respect .", " I just lost my job . I'm just worried about how I'm going to pay the bills . ", ' That sounds like a lot of fun . Did you go swimming , too ? ', 'After my boyfriend and I had separated.', "He expressed at once his sorrow for my father 's death . ", 'They were astonished to see the penguin , and swooped low to call out with delight at her sleek feathers and solid little body . ', 'When I lost my driving license because I had been driving while under the influence of alcool.', ' Of course.No girl is more charming . ', ' Good luck ! ', ' Try to be more careful in future . Look ! You ’ Ve damaged the sign . ', 'Deep down I get more and more frightened . ', ' The Giants ? ', ' How could you ? I reminded you just this morning . ', 'Fear to come and live in Nijmegen.', 'When a friend left me and went back home for good.', 'The music has started . ', 'Catherine looked downcast , and McLeish felt uneasy . ', 'Her mother would be cross and he would feel stupid . ', " I know . I still haven't heard from her . The good thing is that I'm so angry with her that I don't feel sad about not having her around . ", ' Thank you for you help . ', 'I was raped by a friend.', 'A few days ago, I hitch-hiked to Arnhem with a friend. Everything went well: they picked us up very quickly, the sun was shining, I was feeling free and, for the first time after long time, happy. I really had the feeling that I was living at full speed.', 'I was not given a chance to explain to my close relatives as to why I could not go to visit them when they were ill.  When I did go, they thought that I had been selfish and irresponsible during their illness.', "I'll never ever work together with him ! ", 'My old friend visited me in the university.', 'I was asked to join my friend in a boat at Lake Malawi and when making a turn, it seemed as if the boat would sink on the side.', 'When my girlfriend left me.', "Because they 're concerned about America 's oil dependence , senior government officials have come to rub shoulders with the advocates of conservation and alternative power sources . ", 'When I was attacked by a teenage boy and had my wallet stolen.', "I was inside the car with my husband and we were assaulted with a gun at 10 o'clock in the evening.", 'My boyfriend with whom I had a longlasting relationship, fell in love with another girl, then he asked me something which implied that he loved that girl more than he loved me.', "Last week, my organization summoned an executive meeting and one of the executive member's pointed out a loop hole in the committee's administration.  He could not suggest any improvements, so I quarrelled with him.", "look, if we can't make the occasional crass sexual joke about serious protests, the terrorists have already won. ", 'Plummer wanted to know , a note of exasperation in his voice . ', ' Ho , no ! ', 'I had an interview for entry into college. The results were to be announced on radio. After a long period of waiting the results were released. I had succeded - tension was relieved by joy.', 'Hank was thoroughly disquieted . ', 'My mother along with some of my friends gave me a surprise birthday party - they invited a large number of my friends along too.', ' No , you don ’ t understand , I need this tomorrow morning ! I accidentally spilled beer all over my wife ’ s dress and we have a wedding to attend tomorrow ! She ’ s gonna kill me ! ', 'In England wild storms swept the country , and commuters were infuriated and inconvenienced by the dispute . ', " Really ? What can I do now ? I can't miss the important meeting . ", 'I am saddened to find that such thinking still exists within the profession . ', 'She knew that his Gothic romance and glossary were being turned down by publisher after publisher and he grew despondent as he rewrote and rewrote again . ', 'HOW DID YOU KNOW MY UNCLE WAS A CRAZY CONSERVATIVE!!! He wears a helmet in his own car.', ' You told Martha that I was on a date ? What was that all about ? ', " Let me see . Ah , yes , I've been to England , France , Germany , Italy and now I've been in Spain ", 'Is the clock right ? ', 'When I got separated from my first love.', 'Going to CAL not knowing anyone.', ' I am afraid your diamond bracelet has gone , darling ! ', '` Pa would \'ve been livid with me for getting pregnant , and he wouldn\'t want his precious fiddle going to pay for anything to do with it . " ', 'And I know that \'s miserable for you , but what else can you do ? " ', 'Finding that a subordinate at work was still not willing to cooperate after discussions to try and resolve an attitude problem.', ' Ok . ', ' I doubt it . ', 'So many families will face the heartbreak of burglary before Christmas . ', ' Me , too . It will be great to see something light and funny for a change . I ’ m tired of heavy drama . ', " That's exactly what I want , thank you . ", 'When I was mistreated by my step-mother.', " That's right . ", ' Ummmph ! ', " Sure , I'd love to . ", 'I was all of the sudden sad when I heard that my cousin who usually paid school fees had passed away after a very short illness.', " You're so thoughtful . Wish you a good trip home . And we'll miss you . ", 'It ’ s over . ', " It couldn't be better . My husband is so supportive with my work and he helps around the house so much . ", 'When my mother left for Kenya.', 'I was watching TV with a friend. After the first film I wanted to watch another film on the same channel. My friend switched over to the other cannel without asking me what I wanted.', 'I was having an argument with my brother on his behavior, then we  started fighting and I got annoyed at him because he started teasing me.', 'As I walked down the front steps for the last time , a feeling of elation swept over me . ', 'I found a human \\treasure\\" that I desired and got immediately. I didn\'t think about anything. When I touched him I imploded but I am whole."', "Bobby Robson 's delight at having guided his team to another major tournament was coupled with gratitude to the 40-year-old goalkeeper .  ", "Segments in D major and B minor accord with episodes of the drama as this unfolds , but two isolated D minor movements underscore Dido 's anguish at being betrayed . ", " Sorry , I'm very near sighted . ", ' OK . I see . ', 'When I knew about my first job.', 'When I was studying in the library - preparing for a test, two people sitting next to me talked to each other for 20 minutes.  There were no other seats so I could not go elsewhere and I did   not want to interrupt them, so I could only be angry in my heart.', 'Once when I was playing table tennis I was already sure that I would win , but at last I lost the game.', 'We went fishing some 5 or 8 kilometers off the shore of Lake Malawi. Before we could settle down the lake became very rough to the point of threatening our lives.', ' Yes ? ', " You're right . I love it very much . ", " No way ! Please don't follow me around . ", 'Being chosen to do your experiment with aphasia.', 'A \\higher status\\" colleague of mine despised my attitude and organization of work."', ' Possibly . ', "Don't believe the lies. Look me in my eyes. Please don't be scared of me. ", ' What ? ', 'When my mother rejected my boyfriend and made unfair judgements on him.', ' Fine , thanks . How about you ? ', 'Passing my pharmacy exams which meant my tertiary education for pharmacy completed.', ' Yes , sir . ', 'When I caused much pain and sorrow to my boyfriend by finishing our relationship.', 'My roommate leaving my drawers in a mess after plowing thourgh them looking for something.', 'I was walking alone along the place where people fear that there are always thieves there and the people who kill their friends during the night two months ago.', 'Shelley looked at the happy faces of her companions , and knew they wanted to be alone , however sweet they were being . ', 'When someone accuses me without reason and is not willing to listen to me.', 'At a cash desk where I had gone to buy 16 rolls of kitchen paper at a reduced price.  After queuing with screaming children; it turned out that I had taken two 8 roll packets instead of the one 16 roll packet to which the rebate applied.  The assistant said \\You will have to get it another time.\\""', ' He said he had to get rid of them . They were stolen . ', ' They ’ re really running you into the ground . Why don ’ t you ask for some time off ? You could take a long weekend and go away somewhere . ', 'She is furious that he has married beneath him , but appalled when her vicious attack on him threatens to end their relationship for ever . ', 'The day my teacher of Latin and French died.', 'China can not even give you good sound systems for an open lecture.', ' Use the number on the back of your library card . ', 'As a child - stepping on a rusty nail - being told that I might get tetanus.', 'When I left a man in whom I really believed.', ' I feel so tired . ', " Hmm . I think I should ask some of my friends for advice before I make a decision . I'm sorry . ", 'She sounded very disappointed and David knew she was suppressing her exasperation . ', 'When my ex-girlfriend and I discovered that there was a certain risk of her being pregnant.', ' All right ! ', 'After sitting for the Standard 8 Exams for the second time in 1979, I had great joy when I heard that I was successful in the Examination when the results were out.', 'When the girl with whom I am in love smiles at me.', 'When I saw that the mark I had obtained in an exam was a good one.', 'I received a letter and a Christmas present from a person I had not seen for two years.', " Yeah . Li Na's mother has been building a fire under her since her neighbour's daughter got married with a Canadian . She's almost driving Li Na crazy . ", "Sir Jack Brabham says he 's never been so excited about a new motor car and the challenge is to go and take on the best ", ' Oh John , I thought we said we would start eating right ! Remember ? Our new healthy lifestyle ? That ’ s all junk food ! ', ' Oh , thank God . We all felt frightened by the bad new about him . ', 'Waiting for the results of the High level examination.  I was afraid of not being accepted.', 'My best friend chosen for your English lectures.', ' You mean I am groaned a few words ? ', 'My grandmother died during Christmas break several years ago.', 'Some classmates said I did not do enough social work. Therefore I was not elected as a \\Tree Good\\" student."', ' Yes . ', 'When I am alone at night after having read horror stories, and then I heard unexplainable noises.', ' Yes . I have . I liked it very much . Like you , I was very impressed with Rachel ’ s performance in the movie . She ’ s going to be a star . ', ' Just get out of my face , would you ? ', 'Vincent agreed , too low-spirited to put up any resistance . ', 'Quarrel in the family.', 'My boy-friend told me that he would take me to the training of the life-saving dogs.', " As long as it doesn't take too long . ", 'You may find your exasperation turns to inspiration ', 'She was becoming increasingly despondent about the way things were going . ', ' Yes ? ', ' but I still love you . ', 'When I am alone in a room with no contact with anyone - loneliness drains me.', 'But he was dismayed , in the circumstances , to see Gabriel ride off the moor and up the street in the company of a young monk . ', 'When I was accepted for a course on finance and accounting.', "Liz 's anger towards Raquel dates back to a charity dinner this year . ", 'When I thought the house was on fire at night.', 'Going to have a hot chocolate at 10 when I watch american horror story, will help me sleep after. ', ' Oh , my God ! What do I do now ? Bone head . ', 'I was in about Grade 7, I came home from school one day and was told that my mother had skin cancer and would have to go to the hospital straight away.', " I'm sorry , sir.The price is fixed . ", 'Doing well in an exam.', "I felt the above condition when I took my brother's bicycle to a market and unfortunately the bicycle was stolen and I didn't know how I could tell the owner about the stolen bicycle.", ' So ? ', 'Teenage neighbours smashed my letterbox for the fifth time in a couple of months. It was a deliberate action of kids who had stayed in my home, had meals there yet took a dislike to my daughter. ', " Don't worry , you'll find a way . ", " He's Taipei's most famous calligraphy master ! Quick ! Get in line ! ", 'When I climbed up a tree to pick apples.  The angle of the ladder I was on did not enable me to get high enough.  This implied that the ladder was not very stable.', ' Sure . ', " I'm in the kitchen ... let yourself in ! ", 'I returned home late from a party last night and I felt afraid trying to anticipate the reaction of my father.', ' This is unfair . ', " I'd like to come back next weekend . ", 'His mother had begun to feel very angry about his refusal to eat as he had started to lose weight , which worried her . ', 'IN East Germany two men , formerly regarded as untouchable pillars of the old regime , have , rightly or wrongly , become the focus of over-zealous and sometimes bizarre persecution by the legal authorities and an indignant public . ', 'For instance when a girl is interested in me and likes me.', 'I got separated form my closest friend. He went to work abroad.', 'When my husband stays late at a meeting and I have to be alone.', 'It was in the evening when I heard that my girl went to Zambia and that she would never come back.', 'He followed me all the way home ! ', "Oh , no . It seems that I've lost my train ticket . ", ' How so ? ', 'When my mother met with a serious accident and there was danger that she would not survive and if she did she would loose her memory.', ' Who cares ? ', ' When are getting married ? ', "When someone ignores what I am saying or doesn't let me have my point of view and they monopolise a conversation.", 'I feel it when I see that somebody is traying to made a stupid of me.', 'I was crossing the street together with some colleagues of mine when I suddenly found myself almost under the wheels of a truck.', ' sure . ', 'When I received the news that my beloved grandmother had died.  I was at the boarding school and was only 13 years old.', 'When I met an old schhol friend (school love) who works in Skydide.', ' From China . ', 'hi , Emily , do you know that guy over there ? ', ' Thank God ! ', 'One day when I was a little boy, my friends asked me to play with them outside and to catch some boys.  However our parents did not know that we were out and when I got home it was very late and I feared being scolded by my parents.', 'When my father died.', 'When I had to undergo the final examination of secondary school, I lived together with a girlfriend. We both were afraid to fail, but it appeard that we both had passed.', ' I sure do . ', ' I know ... ', ' It seems to me like I may have caught a bug . ', 'While watching an entertainment program in which there was a clever  and amusing sketch.', 'When I saw the pictures of the draught in ethiopia.', 'When I went to my first dental appointment.', 'When I heard that someone who is very close to me did very well in the exams despite having fooled around a lot.', 'Always when I am well succeded.', 'When I was 8 years old my tonsils had to be operated on. This is not a complicated operation, but just before it started I was very afraid so that I will never forget it.', 'One night I was lying in my bed awake but I had my eyes closed. I saw figures with terrible faces and black frocks bending over me and touching me. I opened my eyes but I could still see them. I had the feeling that somebody was in the room. It was terrible. Only when I turned on the light I was able to go to sleep.', ' here we go . ', ' That ’ s a good idea . Do you know anyone who has done that before ? ', 'A father helping his kid to fight other kids.', 'When the result of the certificate exam was announced.  I was surprised and happy as the result was better than I had expected.', 'I met intoxicated people with dubious intentions in a back alley one Wednesday night.', ' We can cover ourselves with beer ! That way if they bite us , they ’ ll get drunk and fall asleep . ', "How mad we 've been , Lyn . ", " My opponent bowled me with the very first ball . I was wondering if it's appropriate for me to play table tennis . ", 'My friend was badly hurt.', ' Something awful happened . We went to the Portobello Road , and someone stole my handbag . ', 'When my girl told me that she loved me more than any male creature on earth and that I would be the only one in her heart for all her life.  ', "It was in 1983 September when MCE results were being announced on the radio. When I heard my name that I had done well I just kept quiet. I was so happy that I couldn't even talk.", ' Oh , how interesting . And what about Larry and Rocky ? ', 'As the week went on I got more and more anguished telegrams from home telling me to conclude the deal and come home . ', " unfortunately , he wasn't able to evacuate in time . He ended up dying in the tower . ", 'His eyes narrowed , and she felt a flicker of annoyance , this time aimed at herself . ', 'When my grandfather died.', "When I left my sister's house after staying there for a few days. She has two little boys, and they are very warm people (the family). At the time, I was in need of this sort of contact, and I grew very fond of children (no, I'm not a paedophiliac).", 'The day my parents were involved in a car accident and had to be operated  and before the operation the doctor said that it was mater of life or death.', 'Watching China winning the Asian Olympic games.', ' I ’ m sure this one is especially bad . And the word is so unpleasant . ', 'How nervous the teacher feels about using this teaching unit . ', "The Denning family feel sad that , although Sharpness is still thriving , it 'll never be the busy port it once was . ", ' Oh , I ’ m sorry to hear that . I think you ’ d better talk to the police officer walking there . ', "Staying in a relative's house which was broken in before.", "I was concerned when Jeremy didn't return on the evening of Sunday , October 21 -- he had left his camping gear behind in the hut . ", " I am awfully sorry . I didn't think you would mind so much . ", 'When my son was born.', ' Like what ? ', 'Annabel said in an agitated voice , ` I feel as if my mind is whirling madly , like a hurricane . ', 'Hi , Daisy ! ', 'When I come home in the evening, the first thing I do is to sit down and smoke a cigarette. One day I found the flat in a totally desolate state. My girl-friend had wanted to tidy up but had not finished.', ' Oh , thank you.You are so sweet ! ', 'During the short period of my unemployment about six years back.', "To Meryl 's vexation , the boundary wall proved to be nearly eight feet high . ", 'I was in Hamburg in December and I was angry about the politicians and the police."', ' But it was her that makes us so embarrassed . ', ' Okay . BBS , an online service , offers a wide variety of online games , files , one-on-one chat , message areas , private mail , and participate forums . ', ' Thank you , I will . Hope to see you again next year . ', 'The court expressed dismay that Wiltshire Social Services had called in a voluntary agency to help look after him . ', " I'm afraid I've got a terrible cold . What should I do ? ", 'I realized that a fellow member had grown spiritually.  I was the leader of a spiritual group and had prayed for him.  He did not want to burn the incense but his mother forced him to do it.  Finally his mother told him that he could discontinue if he got good results at school.', "In a situation whereby a friend's actions were deliberately against my wishes and (with) no regard to my feelings.", 'He turned a livid , stubbled face to the crowd . ', " Yes , but I'm not feeling very better now . Actually I'm feeling even worse . ", ' How was it ? ', 'I was scared stiff of giving my first performance . ', 'I felt joy most strongly some years ago, when I took part in a NH Competition and I was the first.', "When I had to leave my mother and my sister after a week's visit.", ' Oh , I see . ', "A friend came to visit me late one night. He promised to stay only a quarter of an hour, but he stayed 5 hours !! He didn't leave and I was very angry.", 'People were very angry when Admiral failed to attack the French at Minorca , and the decision to execute him for cowardice was exactly what the public wanted . ', " That sounds like a good idea . I'll have to try that . ", ' Speaking . ', "The saddest I've ever been was when my lover was killed, hitch-hiking to work.", ' Yes . ', "My girlfriend mentioned a certain girl's name who was my girl some time back and she is no longer mine that she said she was still mine.", 'At boarding school someone put a lot of tiny thorns on my bed.  When I complained everybody began teasing me and laughing at my inability to find out my enemies.  I lost my temper.', ' 1564 . ', ' Oh , yes . ', "Both of them were aware of Alain 's black anger and Marguerite was feeling the sorrow of leaving her own house . ", "if you're getting your information from a website not run by te 1 of 6 approved corporations, you probably the wrong people.", " I don't think the exam will be very hard . ", ' $ 800 . ', ' Yeah , and the prices there are very high . ', '@katharinemcphee This seems to be a serious conversation! He seems to be making a proposal. Lol :-) Thank you, Kat! I love you! XoXo.', 'When the whole family gets together for a one week holiday.  Everybody feels free and the trip is well planned.  It works out well and we enjoy ourselves.', 'The media excitement about Enid Blyton and Captain W. E. Johns soon died away . ', 'Hello ! ', 'To express their grief over the Warrington atrocity , the people of Dublin sent thousands of floral tributes to Liverpool this morning with the Irish Air Corps . ', 'I was very angry when I heard that my brother was beaten by his friends. ', 'The hero was chased by a terrible vampire in a suspense and horror film shown on T.V.', ' I knew this would happen some day ... ', 'The waitress returns , now indignant with her boss for his bought-and-paid-for apathy . ', " I can't open the door . ", 'When I was accepted to study at this school I was very happy.', 'When I was an exploration with my friends and almost got lost in an unfamiliar environment.  It was getting dark and we did not know how to get back home.', '` You can imagine our horror at finding a false ceiling in a secure establishment and ducts like this . ', 'Oh , man . I had the best supper last night . My wife made a stir-fry and it was amazing ! ', ' Sorry , we can ’ t come down any more . ', 'Charlotte made to reply , but suddenly felt exasperated and wearied by the hoops she had been obliged to jump through . ', "Barely registering Gwen 's horrified face , she turned and whirled out , crashing the back door against the wall so hard that the echoes seemed to follow her fleeing figure . ", 'Guess what ? ', 'Motorcycle accident with two people involved, running off the road. Broke an arm, only.', 'When I finally managed to get a specific sound from my guitar, after baving tried for a long time.', 'Having my luggage checked at Customs.', 'I was angry when I heard that my only girl was going about with another man. So I decided to drop her but later the story came to be untrue.', 'Got a package from my parents, without even a small note enclosed.', ' I had to move it , so that I can get my bike through . ', 'Walking home at night after university - part of the way, there are ano lights and I am walking down a thoroughfare with the thouth of no one hearing me if I have to scream.', 'Suddenly met someone in the biology building at night.', ' Wow ! Why so much ? I thought they were getting you an assistant . ', 'When I felt that my love was returned.', 'I had cared for a horse for 2 years. One day it was sold and I cried for several days because I was so sad.', 'I was walking with another person when a \\gang\\" separted us and pushed me in to a house, hit me in the stomach and the face, then they left - leaving me bleeding."', "I had been searching for housing for Fall at UCB and I was finally offered a place - then an ordeal followed, first I accepted then refused - related to my parents judgment (they're paying for me). Turns out that I was so upset at what my Dad said to me that I hung up on him. He called back and threatened to cut me off financially and emotionally.", 'When my brother came back home after staying in hospital. He had undergone an operation which had been a matter of life or death. When he came home I could see him smile for the first time after may weeks.', 'Is it a lack of  or a of #loneliness that make people put up with bullshit', 'You then left that meeting , rather hurriedly , before it ended , in a very anxious state . ', ' Hi . ', "Julia 's questions about the line the defence lawyers were taking were as acute as anything she had ever asked David , and they filled him with relieved delight . ", 'I passed an exam which I was not sure at all to pass.  I rejoyced at the result because the possibility of continuing my studies depended on it.', "Motorcyclist accident where for some minutes I didn't know if I was alive or dead, I remained cold levered during the situation but felt great fear.", ' I see what you mean , but I ’ m still bummed out . ', 'Prosecutors were clearly miffed that several businessman changed the statements they had given during investigation of the case .', 'To the dismay of the South Africans , umpire Cumberbatch merely signalled a leg-side wide . ', 'When my boyfriend openly let me down, preferring another girl.', ' Dumplings . ', 'One of my friends went and told another friend of mine that I was going abut with another guy in London besides the one I had. She said I was seen with him hand in hand.', ' Coming as ? ', 'On the way home from Chester. Zack drives like something off need for speed :( ', " Let's go and try now ! ", ' I was skiing on and on excitedly until I realized one thing-I could not stop ! You can just imagine how terrified I was . ', ' Yes . ', 'When my grandmother died, her life was heavy and her last hours were terrible.', ' Yes ? ', 'There was a cool mockery in his deep voice , and she turned to glare at him , hating him for the fact that he seemed to be deriving amusement from her discomfort . ', 'Her own intense excitement had given way to a hollow feeling in her stomach and she had been quite unable to eat for several days . ', 'When I found out that the guy I was dating at a particular time had a steady relationship going on with someone else for a long time.', 'One of my best friends was hurt by a girl he loves.', 'When I saw in the newspapers, on the T.V, and magazines the chaotic situation caused by the drought and hunger in Mauritania.', "I was sad when my MCE grades were out. I had gone for a football match a mile away from home. The mail found me there. I was disappointed and didn't play the other half of the match.", 'In the recent lightning storm, bolts of lightning were hitting close by (1/8 mile). I was in bed at the time and was afraid I might be struck.', ' What ? You call that a stir fry ? More meat than vegetables ? That ’ s the worst insult you could throw at a Chinese stir fry . What a disgrace to the wok she fried it in ! What you had is equivalent to a fajita without the wrap ! ', 'Fear from the unknown. I felt fear when I sat for the entrance examinations.', ' Certainly . ', ' What is it ? ', 'When my father talks about our relatives and favours them, I feel angry.', 'On holidays - just driving along a road beautiful scenery. Just with my boyfriend - not really talking but just feeling overwhelmed.', ' Yes . ', " Hmm . I think I should ask some of my friends for advice before I make a decision . I'm sorry . ", 'Finding out that my best friend could not go to university.', 'Unknown person knocking repeatedly on backdoor when no one else was at home.', 'I lost all my lottery winnings playing the stock market . ', 'The last day of school is traditionally celebrated by singing a song about all the students who are leaving.  In the song about me, there were things which irritated me a lot.', 'I just discovered that I owe $ 10 for a movie that I never ordered . ', 'She looked utterly desolate and all of her thirty-eight years ; her cheeks seemed to sag and her jaw-line looked heavy . ', 'Realizing that school will soon be over, and we will all go different ways, perhaps never meeting again our friends from this year.', 'Hello . ', ' Yes , I enjoyed it very much . ', ' All right . ', ' I will . ', 'When I first sat for an entrance examination.', "A very close friend of mine died. I read it in the newspaper. I didn't know what to do and thought about it the whole day.", 'His excitement at the prospect of exploiting that potential is palpable , though he has no illusions about current difficulties . ', ' I have no idea . I like cooking by myself . I like to taste delicious food . ', ' Sounds good . When and where shall we meet ? ', ' Not really . ', 'When my 2 year old son climbed up and sat on the 7th floor balcony with his legs hanging out.  He was holding on tightly to the upper railing of the balcony but he could have easily lost his balance when he sat down.', " Don't worry . I'm not much of a dancer myself . ", ' Yeah , yeah , I know what I selected . Just give me my money ! ', ' Yes , I do . ', 'I asked someone to bring some present to my father and found out that he is not a reliable person. I was afraid if my father would not get the presents he would be angry with me.', 'When I passed the driving test three weeks ago and got my licence.', 'Could you please stop flipping the channels ? ', "And it was equally insistent that a policy of retreat would cause dismay in Washington , thereby diminishing Britain 's ability to exert influence over American policy . ", " It'll be close , but we'll make it . ", "There was public disquiet , questions in the Commons and an enquiry ordered into Jeffrey 's whereabouts . ", ' OK . Where ? ', 'I was going home by car late one night when it was cold, dark and windy.  I became rather panicky on the way to my house.', "The people of America and throughout the world were stunned and grief-stricken by the President 's assassination . ", "we can't stop here, this is DRONE country!!! ", ' Good idea . ', 'She was already feeling a bit better and she felt quite amused at this cool domination , especially as she was not going to pay any attention to it . ', 'At their graves their families would unite with their beloved over a memorial meal and a drink , easing their grief in recreating the family intimacy , only transiently ruptured . ', 'I am pleased that there has been a threefold increase in , for example , HRT prescriptions during the past 10 years . ', ' I ’ m sorry to hear that.You ’ d better stay at home.After all , we can visit Mrs.Brown later ', 'Hello , Pam . ', ' I have been looking forward to this performance all month . ', " B :: I'm such a fool that duplication of effort is only a waste time to me . ", "I'm so afraid of viruses now. why did he have to watch this video?! ", ' You think ? ', 'I am filled with gloom and sadness at the death of a person.  More specifically, I felt sad after hearing the news of a death of a person who was hale and hearty and full of life, with vigour and plans for the next day but had no next day to cherish it.', '` You know Joanna will be overjoyed to see you in any condition . " ', ' That ’ s too bad . I hate sand storms too . It can be worse than any kind of bad weather . ', 'Then she must sit in the sun before hauling it back up and altogether I was enraged and wished I was in a condition to show her how it should be done . ', 'My grandmother several times has been struck by cerebral hemorrhages. Until now she recovered well each time, but there is always the threat to loose her.', 'I thought that I was going to fail a subject and so I began to study for the final exam, then my friend told me that I had passed it.  That meant that I could go home, as I do not study in my hometown.', ' Great , Is it convenient if i visit you this weekend ? ', " Look ! there's a Folk concert tomorrow evening . Do you Want to go ? ", "In a dark street at 4 o'clock in the night and there was complete silence.", 'I was living in a flat where things did not go very well for me.  Finally, they threw me out and this prejudiced people I esteem a lot.', ' Why ? ', 'I sit disconsolate in the snow . ', 'Mr McWhinney ( 55 ) , of Drumhark Road , Comber , died instantly when his single engined Pulsar plunged to the ground in front of horrified spectators . ', ' You ! ', " Don't bother . ", " It's not just for your drinking . But you are lacking sense of responsibility . ", 'I had a very good friend in secondary school.  The year after our graduation I prepared to celebrate her birthday and I called off all my appointments.  I got together the other friends and we were ready to give the entire day to her.  However this friend disappeared on her birthday.  When I phoned another friend I discovered thay she was busy, I did not call her anymore.', "When I was feeding a premature baby (7 months), the baby chocked. This was when I was working in children's ward I thought I had killed the baby.", 'However , in this case , the crowd was angry that extra time was not going to be played and vented their fury on the pitch and the police rather than on one another . ', " Oh , I've been fine , but I'm having some trouble with my son . ", 'Perversely , she was cross with him for having survived when she had spent the weekend fretting . ', 'Being treated unfairly.', ' Yeah . ', 'Disquiet at the new direction of religious affairs soon surfaced in parliament , and over the next few years a growing number of MPs began to speak out against the Arminian threat . ', 'I was walking home one night (after getting a bus to my town) when I was confronted by a group of males (about 6), they would not let me pass - they made comments etc. - I crossed the road and hurried home.', 'When I received my S.Y.J.C results which did not allow me to get   admission in engineering.', 'Sometimes , amid great excitement , his mother was in , with guests who drank wine and laughed loudly and spoiled him and Pam . ', "That's really the only problem. Ppl think they should naturally only love and be fulfilled by 1 person. When it doesn't happen?  ", ' OK . ', " Well , I had a terrible day of work , I'm thinking of quiting my job . ", 'When I was ten I got shut in the school with a friend.  I had to jump out of a window and cross a beam 10 metres high.', ' May and Danny have already grown up . ', "This last August when my parents dropped me off and moved me into college I didn't know anybody here; I was 17 and Berkeley really scared me.", 'Do you have a light ? ', ' From Zhongshan Circus to City Bank . ', 'When I heard that a good friend, who had been abroad for a long time, would come and see me.', 'In the student kitchen that we share, somebody drank from my juice pot (one litre) so that I only got one glass out of the whole pot.', ' You think so ? Let ’ s take a chance ! ', ' Hey , come on . It ’ s too early to say that . We can fix things . ', 'This sucks . I hate buying lingerie . Okay , just find something and get out of here . Alright , these are fine . Oh , no , don ’ t come over here , don ’ t come over here . ', 'Someone frightened me in the dark.', 'When I realized that I did not have the basic things needed by a student like me.', 'Being misunderstood by friends.', " he didn't say , but he said he would call me . ", " What's so terrible too , is the fools we've made of ourselves . ", "I wish the teacher wouldn't make us read this book . ", " It's really frustrating , isn't it ? I have the same problem . I would feel a lot better if the currency was a little more stable . With the way the dollar plummeting lately , my securities have gone up in smoke . ", 'I had just seen my girlfriend and our conversation angered me greatly.', 'Recent break-up of seriors long-term relationship, helped along by would-be  in-laws.', 'When I was selected for higher education, i.e grade 7 to formI.', ' Do you have any hobbies like playing tennis or things like that ? ', ' Why ? ', 'When my boyfriend once again told me that he loved me after a period in which he felt very depressive.', 'With the job appointments committee when the headmaster in charge explained that a male teacher was more suitable for the particular post.  I had more years of service than the male teacher, but this was not taken into consideration.  I could have been given a less attractive job if things had gone the way the headmaster wanted.', 'Canoeing across harbour in winds - 20 knots and rising seas.', 'Being chased in the dark by someone I did not know.', 'Going away for the weekend, leaving my College room open - when I returned several friends had had a party there, leaving the mess.', 'There was an earthquake for several minutes and I was on the eight floor.', 'When my cousin passed away unexpectedly and tragically (a murder).', 'I went to visit friends and it was very companionable.', 'I was neglected undeservedly.', ' Congratulations ! That ’ s wonderful . I bet both of you are quite happy . ', ' Time to order . Balista , today I want a skinny triple latte . ', ' Don ’ t apologize ! From the moment I met you , not a day has gone by when I haven ’ t thought of you.And now that I ’ m with you again , I ’ m ... I ’ m just scared , Veronica . The closer I get to you , the worse it gets . The thought of not being with you , I mean , I just can ’ t handle it ! We were made for each other , Veronica . You are my everything , my soul mate . What can I do ? ', 'Discussion with my mother about the way to educate my children. I felt anger against my mother.', ' You failed . ', ' Why not ? ', 'My mother, my sister and I were sitting in the sitting room and watching a film on TV. My father came home drunk and told us to turn off. When we did not do that he switched off the fuse and started shouting. We were sitting in the dark and I was afraid that he would do us a harm.', 'A terrible fight that I provoked with my friend.', 'When I saw the certificate results, I did not feel very happy as I did not realize that I had got all the credits until my classmates pointed it out to me.  My parents and my relatives praised me and I realized that my results were good i.e 2A, 5B, 2C.  I felt satisfied with the results and was happy.', 'When my first child was born.', "Don't worry . I'm sure you'll do better next time . ", "Why does ppl say they're  when they know they aint . r u trying to trick ur mind. is the biggest thing right now. Check it..", ' I wouldn ’ t exactly characterize it in that way . I think something happened . Something terrible and unexpected that made it impossible for him to ... what if he showed up , took one look at me and left ? ', 'When I was going to take the practical exams.', 'Edwin , I would be utterly desolate were it not for my faithful companion here . ', ' Yeah ! I am here with my friend and he thinks it may be the spark plug or the starter motor . ', 'My two guitars, after a lot of years together,had decided to fell the night I was seeing Paranormal Activity #scaredtodeath', 'The lugubrious publican had seen it as his job to repel strangers and had employed to that end an impressive armoury of taciturnity , malevolent glances , warm beer and poor service . ', 'I feel sad when I see things done against men and nothing could stop it - at least I think so.', "O'Neal seemed miffed by the whole affair .", ' No , a lot of women stay home and take care of their families . But some work . ', ' Oh . I just can ’ t forget it . ', 'I lost my purse that had money in it. I was sad until I found it.', 'He was , naturally , sometimes nervous in the face of my beauty ; and at other times needlessly pleased with himself . ', 'Being insulted in public for the wrong reason.', "The day the results of the Chinese university was announced I should have been very happy; however my grandmother, because of  her prejudice and misunderstanding, started a  quarrel with my mother.  She expected me to take her side and she deliberately talked of my mother's wrong doings.  I was very angry because - one my grandmother was not being reasonable and two because it should have been a happy day and three we had moved into a new house that day.", 'When I was accused of bitching about best friend."', 'At the hostel they were furious with us for bringing the police , they just wanted us out , literally , and we were out ! ', ' No , what ? ', 'Mom ! ? ? ? ', '` I felt less nervous in the play-off against Faldo than I have here . ', "We're ALL afraid of something here .. bc u ain't human w/o ", " OK . I'll see you then . ", 'When I was admitted to the University.', ' Do I have to focus it ? ', "Hot5's competing at the Petersen Event Center tomorrow!! Come out and support them!!  this", ' Well , I am wondering if we took a hang-out for a drink or something . You know , I just came back from a really tough interview . I was quite nervous during the interview . I really want to have the job . Right now , I am still a little on the edge . I am not sure if I could convince them during the interview . ', 'Hi , it is a pleasant surprise ! ', ' Why ? ', 'In March they were received as World Champions by an ecstatic crowd after winning the Cricket World Cup for the first time . ', " Come on . Dating is a part of young people's social life . Besides , you're sixteen already . ", ' I promise . ', ' Certainly not . ', "I 'm so frightened the feeling will go away , it 's too fragile , and I do so want it not to break . ", 'Doing a group assignment and being left to do all the work and take the blame for any mistakes.', "For all those years you've protected the seed, it's time to become the beautiful flower.~S.C. Paul   ", ' Why ? ', 'The mother of a person with whom we had been sharing a housing accused me of trying to rip her off over payment of bills in the house. ', 'When playing a football match, there was one player who made mean tackels, kicked at everything and did things having nothing to do with football.', " What's up ? ", ' Where are we going to have a drink ? ', "Why didn't you tell me you had a girlfriend ? ", " Yeah it's too bad ... but actually I think I know what to do . ", 'When a close relative is treated badly.', 'Recently I happened to remain alone for a long time.', 'When my brother did not send me the transport money to resume my studies in time at university.', "Jane Moss said yesterday that the double heartbreak of her daughter 's death and the murder of her own mum 11 years ago made her want to care for the needy . ", 'When I quarrelled with my boyfriend.', ' Scraping is too terrifying . When they finish scrapping , your body is all red , as if you were just tortured . Cupping is the same , your body ends up with red circles all over . It looks like someone beat you up . ', 'A terrible , furious , impotent anger filled him , making him want to strike out , to shout and scream . ', 'The idea of their having a say in the running of a club appears to make officials recoil with horror . ', " We have been together for a year and usually , people who've been together a year , take their vacation together . ", 'I was given a dummy in which to do my preliminary sketches , but the dummy was designed so beautifully by Amelia Edwards that I was really happy with my work . ', 'When I had a psychical crisis, I met a girl, who told me that she had had almost the same problems and how she had finally overcome them.', 'Mrs.Smith , time has stood still with you ! ', " Oh , that's too bad . ", ' Thanks . ', " Good luck . I'm sure you will do a good job . ", "After mischieviously ringing on the chemist's trade-entrance doorbell and getting caught by him.", 'Li Shai Tung looked across at him , smiling ; but behind the smile -- beyond it , in some darker , less accessible place -- lay a deep disquiet . ', 'Eyewitnesses told of the horror as shrapnel rained down on shoppers from two devices placed in cast-litter bins less than ten yards apart . ', 'I ’ m so excited , mother . Oh , a new baby ! ', 'When I finished my exams after 12th Grade, I was worried about getting a T.E. Score high enough for Physiotherapy. When I found that I had been accepted I was ecstatic, or more appropriately, could jump for joy.', 'How was your education going on in Australia ? ', 'When a friend of me came for an unexpected visit.', " I 'm delighted about that . ", 'When on holiday in Greece I called my best friend, she told me she passed the examinations and that she had been admitted to the study for speech therapy.', " Yes , but I think it's probably for the best . ", 'During the following months the School managed to carry on , but the atmosphere must have been one of great despondency . ', ' Bye-bye ! ', ' Are you serious ? Gambling is a vice industry built on deception and fed by the intentional exploitation of human weakness for the sole purpose of monetary gain ! It disgusts me . ', 'When I applied for a job which I thought I had a good chance of getting, I was not even granted an interview and did not get the job.', 'The Lord taketh pleasure in them that fear him, in those that hope in his mercy.& 147:11 (KJV)  #hope #mercy', ' Who ? ', 'Melissa stared at her friend in dismay . ', '@FLYboi_ROB is that how the kids visiting Penn State felt? -- Damn near piss my pants kicking it wit @KyletheYeti and @fattymattychady', 'When I was told that I was selected to attend Medical Assistant Training.', ' Exactly . ', 'When I was not accepted as a student in finance and accounting.', 'False Evidence Appearing Real ', 'When I had to go through lonely streets in the middle of the night.', 'When I failed my S.S.C exam.', ' Says who ? ', ' I agree , I had lunch there last week . ', 'Heard about someone telling lies about me to my best friend.', 'The loss of my father as he died of a massive and sudden heart attack.', ' I checked . ', ' No one . ', 'When I walked to church with my roommate, a bum told us to call the police and he started following us.', "I've a funny feeling the  I painstakingly planned for tomorrow is going to fail.... Too many IT issues today #dayoffruined", 'I met my friend and he gave me a wonderful present as it was my birthday.  I enjoyed having that present.', 'What would you reckon the taxing increases ? ', "Jealous of my husband's old girlfriend.  We met her with her husband and there was a lot of reminiscing.", ' He never came . ', 'Sly was left feeling absolutely livid . ', " Sorry I couldn't help you . ", 'The loss of the woman who loved me most till today.', "I know why Mr . Fro didn't like our ad idea ! He doesn't know the first thing about coffee . ", 'When I found out that my girlfriend would not be coming back to UCB for one semester, but would be living in San Jose.', ' They ’ re really running you into the ground . Why don ’ t you ask for some time off ? You could take a long weekend and go away somewhere . ', 'Thank you , thank you ! " she cried , quite ecstatic that he \'d unbent . ', 'Going to Chico to visit a friend.', ' No , he just stole all of my things . ', 'My father ’ s angry face always makes my blood run cold . ', 'When my sister (really my niece) died of cancer at the age of 2 yrs after I took her to the doctor at the age of 1 and he diagnosed it.', ' Alecia . ', 'I was most angry when India lost the Triangular Cricket trophy held in Australia.  I was so angry that I fought (orally) with my friend.', ' I know . ', 'There I lay , half-roasted on one side , freezing on the other , in a sort of trance , more abjectly miserable than I can tell . ', " That's terrible . ", 'My nephew is a deaf and also hyperactive boy. I had been responsible for looking after him for a full day, and was very tired. Then he suddenly grabbed a knife and stabbed me in the leg. I got so angry that I didn\'t feel any pain."', ' Are they ? ', 'Success in university entrance examination.', 'Anatomy lesson and told we have to do it at night sometimes.', ' And we ’ ll all help you . ', 'The young lord was overjoyed to see what a beautiful wife his friends had found for him . ', " Why ? You can't be always so lazy . ", ' It was really an exciting moment . ', ' Sorry , but she ’ s out . ', ' Sure . ', 'I felt anger at my roommate due to his habit of leaving dirty dishes in the sink and generally not cleaning after himself.', 'Is your turn , Sir . I ‘ m sorry that you have to wait . Saturday is busy day for us . ', "They wanted something to happen but I didn't.", 'When I got separated from the woman I loved.', 'On another occasion he had been struck once by another man at work and we were furious at him for not returning the blow . ', "Li Yuan was smiling broadly , pleased with himself , proud of his scheme , and delighted that he had Tsu Ma 's approval . ", 'I am an extremely lazy cook and nervous of long recipes , complicated sauces or anything risky such as a souffl . ', 'We are always sad when a young international athlete finds himself in this situation . " ', ' Ohhhh ! ', 'Too many people in TV room, I was not able to get a seat to watch TV.', "As the frightened boy bolted to Gooseneck 's side , there was a scream from Fishbane 's corner where an unwary Pole had reaped the consequences of turning her back to view the drama . ", ' What brand ? ', " Your best isn't good enough . Back in my day , I'd clean a whole hospital with a toothbrush and spit , and it'd be twice as clean as this sty ! ", " thanks for helping me with it . If you hadn't encouraged me to do my best , I wouldn't have ever been able to pass . ", 'But he felt ` dismay and sorrow for so many people in our country who do not share this personal good fortune . " ', " Then stay away . Nobody's keeping you from doing that . ", 'My young brother took my wristwatch in my abscence and sold it to his friend at a cheaper price.', 'Well , I can ’ t believe your uncle and aunt came to stay with us for a week , and they did not even call us in advance . ', 'My boyfriend was playing with my cat. He was playing games with her and telling nice things to her. ', ' My friend and I was argued with each other . For this , I ’ m very sad . Because I don ’ t want to lose this friend . ', ' That ’ s smart . What do you usually do to relieve your anger ? ', 'When I succeeded in achieving a scholarship for which I had strived hard during a period of financial, personal and physical stress.', " You know how hard I try to quit , I've lost without you . I am mot let you go . ", 'How could you have done that without asking me first ? ', 'Many people are deeply concerned about the neglect of crofting land . ', 'When I was told that I could take a week off and go for a trip with my friends.', 'When I was young I saw a horror film.  Then when I went to sleep, the film came back too my mind and the characters frighteneed my imagination.', 'When I heard the last regulation of the socialist govrenment concerning pensions.', 'Found my name on the list of attending the English lectures.', ' Maybe . ', " Julie ! It's good to see you again . How have you been ? ", 'My grandfather died thirteen years ago.', ' Go ahead . ', ' You know that my father is irritable . ', 'After seeing a terror movie at the cinema, I was so scared that I couldn\'t even drive the car into the garage. I often thought about the film afterwards, hoping such things couldn\'t exist in the \\real world\\"."', 'Anxious people become acutely sensitized to their bodies , noticing minor bodily changes upon which they focus . ', ' Did you enjoy making the movie ? We heard stories of disagreement with other actors and with the director . ', 'When the dean of university asked me to vacate a big flat I was occupying and take up a smaller one as I was becoming a full time student at university.', '` Well ? " he barked , clearly not ecstatic that she thought she could lay down conditions . ', 'After a day or two , the owner became irked , and went to the airport to inspect his plane . ', "I felt sad when a thief stole all the clothes from my friend's cupboard at school (boarding).", ' No . The teacher is dragging the chalk over the blackboard . It set my teeth on edge . ', 'Our basketball team is undefeated in league play (4-0) currently.', 'Proud of Rowan Williams. Anglican Church has morality and freedom to show social compassion without or constraint; but #faith and #hope', ' Yes . ', "Peers expressed their sorrow at the news of the separation of the Prince and Princess of Wales after the Lord Chancellor Lord Mackay of Clashfern relayed the Prime Minister 's announcement to them . ", 'When I was going home, I saw somathing which looked like a snake   on the road but later I found out that it was only a stick.', 'My husband had gone to drive a strange, broken car.  At the agreed time, he had not returned, and I feared that he had had an accident.', ' How come ? ', 'I had received bad news informing me that grandmother and grandfather had passed away. The first one to die was my grandmother and after two days grandfather died too.', ' Oh no ! Not a good swing at all ! It ’ s definitely not his day today . On the seventh hole he got a bogey and before that he barely made par . He will definitely not get a birdie on this shot . ', 'I am dismayed , but not surprised . ', 'Joy at meeting a woman I love very much.', ' You look like a cooking show host--only messier . ', 'Two years ago I saw a film on the TV. Even now it makes me afraid.', 'The pole of light outside my window is shaking violently.  ', ' Why ? ', 'DO NOT REMEMBER.', 'Listening to some older punk, including one of my favs, FEAR. amazed at how  the lyrics, which are 30 yrs old are still relevant today ', 'When I was first exposed to the dead bodies, for dissecting        purposes at the school of medicine.', 'There was dismay in Belgrade . ', ' No . Why ? ', 'He said he was cross with you because you keep calling him Mr Vass . " ', 'I felt joy when I red my name in the list of the approved in the entrance college examination.', 'When I had an argument with a friend.', 'When I argue with my boyfriend, I feel as though he feels superior to me.', ' They were supposed to , but so far nobody ’ s turned up , and I ’ m left on my own to do the work . This is the first break I ’ Ve had all day . ', ' I have said that we will try our best . You can trust us . But you know her situation . ', 'He had a narrow mournful face , tapering to a long pointed chin . ', 'Suddenly becoming aware of his blue gaze being levelled in her direction , she turned a smile into a cough , and promptly spilled coffee into the saucer . ', ' why not ? ', ' Yeah but , he is always in a really foul mood . I try to find out what ’ s bothering him or get him to talk about his day but , he always shuts down and brushes me off . ', 'One night we were having a barbecue on the beach and I needed to go to my car, which was far away from the beach.  It was very dark as there were no street lamps.  I ran in the dark, very scared, I ran as fast as possible.', 'I felt joy when I heard my name being called on the radio as one of the students who had passed the interview of Nursing and was selected to start Nursing.', "I just finished reading this article ' Getting Old Gracefully ' . It's a very good article . ", ' Yeah . It ’ s pretty bad , that car looks like a coke can . ', 'As a gentleman of considerable physique , Guttersnipe is naturally alarmed at such prejudice against the nutritionally challenged . ', 'Could I see the manager please ? I have a complaint to make . ', " I am afraid I can't I am going to be out all day . ", 'What ’ s the life expectancy in your country ? ', 'There will be a parade to celebrate National Day this weekend . ', "Following yesterday 's revival in fortunes , the London share market was in a despondent mood as the Treasury deflated hopes of early interest rate cuts . ", ' It was a few things . The first thing that happened was that we were supposed to go out for a romantic dinner for our one year anniversary , but she stood me up ! ', " That's very good . It's said that marriage is the Ab of love . But the words may not be right . ", 'The walk to the town centre is long enough to invigorate me and short enough to avoid getting miserable from the cold . ', '[Or hear,] I do not  in   am SURE of it, and I am not #saved because I feel no worthiness in me?', 'Merry Christmas , Linda ! ', 'Sarah tried to stop herself from feeling happy at this revelation . ', "The thought that I'll never sit at the school desk again, caused a deep grief at the end of my eleventh form.", ' All right . ', "When I heard that there had been some women raped at uni, just near where I usually park my car and walk by myself at night. Although I wasn't in danger it unnerved me for days and I was fearful whenever walking through the area.", 'Nevertheless , even among non abolitionists ( and across most of the political spectrum ) there has been grave disquiet about the state of the prisons . ', 'Travelling by coach on a rather narrow and wet road.', ' I have had disagreement with every director . I ’ Ve worked with . We ’ Ve always disagreed in a friendly way and we have always resolved our differences . It was the same when I made this movie . I don ’ t no ', ' I went to the beach with my friends and had a barbecue there . ', "I loved a person and he went away. It wasn't necessary that he left me to reach his goals.", ' I ’ m looking forward to this film . I read a good review of it in this morning ’ s newspaper . ', 'My friend came to see me after she had stayed abroad. I waited at the station.', 'Hate driving next to 18 Wheelers. Heart starts pounding through my chest every time. ', 'When the Real Madrid team of basket ball qualified for the final of the Europe Cup at Athens.', 'My parents do not like my friend and told me to stay away from him.', 'When I broke my leg I felt fear.', ' Not at all . ', 'Oh , the food here really is bad . My soup was cold and meat , ur ... it was like leather . ', 'I was in a train where a fight occurred. One person who was there opened his handbag and took out a gun, another who fought too looked among his things for a weapon to fight.', 'A recurrent lovesickness.', ' Is it a horror movie ? ', 'I was indignant at the unimpartiality shown by the referees at the football match between Bulgaria and France.', 'When I realized that I was in hospital after a car accident and that I had a scleral tear in my left eye.', 'The first time that I saw a dead person.  This was when I started my gross anatomy practicals.', 'Small car accident. Black ice on the road - cars in front of us started zagging and so did we. Car in front did a 180 turn we followed and ended up in a gully.', ' What ? ', 'When I was very young, one day, I was in the street with my father and brother.   While my father was talking to some friends, I saw a dog and began to pat it.  My father told me sharply to stop doing it because the dog had mange.  Then my brother told me that I would die and I could not stop crying after this.', 'I was disappointed and angry at the bad quality of a documentay program on TV.  In my opinion, the topic was important and the program should have been made with seriousness and consideration.', ' No . What ? ', 'Yet....., we are unable to effect and change what and whom we see that negatively affects us...Why operate in ... #UseITdontUseIT', 'Moral to the story? A little can be used as a huge #advanage. #pointtoprove', 'The day I was to receive my gold-medal for the M.A, my grandmother, who I loved very much, died after an illness.  She  died a few hours before the convocation.  While I was attending the convocation I had to control my grief as she would not have liked me to miss it.  It was a day she had been waiting for, but did not get to see. ', 'The time I first saw my cousin who is living in Tanzania.', 'When a man rang the doorbell and wanted to enter the house with violence. I was alone at home that moment.', 'Mom . My legs are killing me . ', ' I have asked for a talk again , but she refused and said she wanted to be quiet . ', ' Oh my god . Please save her life . ', " That's disappointing . I was really looking forward to it . ", 'Gascoigne is the first Englishman to fill the role since Bobby Charlton , a man whose absence from a team sheet spread dismay among team-mates and supporters alike . ', 'being single for the rest of my life and never being able to start a family to share my success and accomplishment with :(', ' nothing . ', 'I was very angry one day when my husband ignored me and slept      on a separate bed.  He had no reasons to doubt me or to neglect me and I had never imagined that he could do such a thing.', 'A chief was unjustly punished on an autumn brigade and the one who was really guilty kept silent. I stepped in front and told the truth. The guilty chief called me in after the roll-call and threatened me.', " Hey , wouldn't it be great if we could go to Thailand together sometime ? ", 'I had not seen my brother for five years as he was not in Spain.   When he arrived at the airport, I felt great joy.', 'Roberts looked nervous but kept a fixed smile . ', " It's all your fault ! Now we can't get in shopping . ", "Listening to parents in the playground and at more formal events such as parents ' evenings should alert staff to early stages of parental disquiet . ", ' maybe you can come to the bar one day and I ’ ll show you around . ', 'After waiting impatiently for the results of the form 5 examinations for almost a year, at last I received a letter of acceptance from the Senate of the university of Zambia telling me that I had made it to the first year course at university.', ' The food was excellent , but Jane ordered a birthday cake , which they forgot about . So as you can see , you were not the only one . ', 'Small talk is a bi ', "I was angered by a classmate who poured soup on to my clothes. He was trying to use a short-cut method in getting his supper. Coming behind my back, he wasn't noticed by me and as I was retreating from a hungry congested people I knocked his plate with my head. He didn't accept being wrong but blamed me for pouring his soup.", 'I was once this week angry when soemone trying to compress my mind due to his nonsense speech which himself could not tolerate at all.', "He 's a very contented baby , a joy to his parents and big sister , and today at nine weeks old ( 40+3 ) , he smiled at us for the first time . ", 'When I heard the news of the death of my father.  It was in the evening and I was alone all night in my room trying to remember the face of my father.', "The Government resolutely refused to comment until in January 1978 we suddenly heard that an exasperated Lord Rosebery had broken off the sale and given Sotheby 's the go-ahead to auction the contents in May . ", 'Then they walked away , humbled and dejected . ', 'Once our school class went skiing. On a steep slope a boy standing behind me lost his balance, fell down and drew me with him. I slided down the whole slope. At about 1 m distance from a tree I could stop.', 'It was the first time that I gave a birthday present to my friend.   She wrote me a letter as she is my girlfriend.  The content of the letter was so sweet that it made me feel very happy. ', 'I saw a dead child which was not covered, it had been knocked down by a car.', 'A gang of local ruffians was passing by and , when they saw what was happening , became infuriated against Richard Baxter . ', 'Coming to this lecture and listen to you talking about feelings, I am so happy that foreigners have the same feelings as Chinese.', 'When my father passed away of cancer, I was extremely saddened. He was not very old, which made matters worse. The actual death was horrendous, but the moving funeral saddened me more so.', 'Cooks refused to give me food.', 'At the sixth congress , in 1986 , irate delegates rejected a ridiculously optimistic programme that had been drafted in secret by Le Duan , the then secretary-general . ', 'When for the first time I rode on a motorcycle with my brother.  He was going so fast that I felt that I would fall off without my brother realizing it.', 'I live outside Graz - so I have to go by bus. One day I went home from the bus stop alone. It was dark, I had to go through a forest and there was a dark figure behind me. I was very frightened.', 'When I saw a dead body in the mortuary I became afraid and I was filled with fear.', 'At the beginning of the year I moved to a new city - I felt sad as I had to leave many friends and family members behind.', 'This condition accumulated in my mind when funeral news was brought to my awareness, that a close relative had passed away.', " That's a good idea . I hear Mary and Sally often go there to play pingpong . Perhaps we can make a foursome with them . ", 'One day I was angry with my friend who went into my drawer and took a piece of paper on which I wanted to write a letter and used it for her business without my knowledge.', 'When I went to the pub with a large group of friends, we drank and danced.', ' Me ? Cook our dinners ? Hah ! You will be cooking , dear . You will cook . ', 'When I saw that I had passed the university entrance exam.  It made me forget all my problems.', ' Yes . ', ' I know , Janet . I just walked out and forgot it completely . I ’ ll go home and get it at noon , all right ? ', ' What is it ? ', 'A girl I was with went off with another guy.', "@HayleyDocherty @jamieeblack I know your joking cos it's all  in the family. Thought of drink gives me ", "Lin Foh seemed incensed , but kept his voice down as they reached the outside steps of the Coroner 's Court . ", 'Meanwhile the dejected opposition leader , John Hewson , reacted to his crushing defeat yesterday by abandoning key policies which he had trumpeted as essential for Australia . ', 'When I felt lack of aid from close friends.', 'When I quarrelled with a very close friend of mine.', 'When people remember us and shows interest about what we do.', ' Not at all . ', 'Being threatened by another person.', "I failed the exam because I didn't study . ", ' yeah . ', "I walked up the main street of Auckland at 10 o'clock at night. I expected it to be very active with people, gangs, fast cars etc, thought it was actually quite quiet, though also oppressive. I walked about half a mile and bought a drink along the way.", 'The ANC , while expressing delight at their decision , nevertheless continued to call for the dissolution of the tricameral parliament , which it regarded as essentially racist . ', 'My mother read a letter that a friend of mine had written to me telling me how she had got drunk the last time.', ' Yes , I have . But I have to wait . ', 'Lost my purse, the money in the purse belonged to my parents.', ' OK . Bye ! ', ' Wonderful . I ’ m so excited . ', 'When my room-mate locked up the keys of my room in our room after I had told her that I was  only in the bathroom having a shower.  She left and I had to do without supper.', 'What ’ s the problem ? Things are getting out of hand . You keep sticking your nose where it doesn ’ t belong . ', ' Didn ’ t I tell you ? It ’ s over ! ', 'My father had an operation which lasted for hours.  We were all very worried but it was successful.', 'She had been furious when she saw my mask was wet . ', 'When I fell crazily in love with a beautiful girl and she returned my love.', 'Rescued dogs are often somewhat nervous of people , and yet may also become excited to see you , when you have been out , for example . ', 'As I usually do not start learning until a short time before an examination,, I once made up my mind to try to work for a longer time. But once again I did not do it - and got a bad mark.', 'When I first heard that Tage Dannielsson had died.', 'If my tears hold value I will drop one for every single thing he showed Us... ', 'When I wanted to talk to someone I liked and whom I have been told likes me (by his brother and even by himself) however he avoids any confrontation, and is vague.', 'I had a long discussion on politics with an acquaintance.  He was more knowledgeable than me and I failed to explain my point of view and was misunderstood so I felt depressed and left.', 'Heartbroken , Maria had to return to the convent and remain a nun for the rest of her life . ', "When I met a friend that I hadn't seen for some time.", ' Thanks . ', ' Well , the state will benefit a lot , I suppose . ', 'The band is pretty good . How do you like the music ? ', ' Yes , he is . He loves the girl very much . ', '` Ma , " he said in a tentative tone of voice , his face going slowly pink with the strain of trying to communicate with his despondent parent . ', 'In a rather important exam, when they caught me red handed copying.', " I'm fine . I'm just so touched by the sad story . ", 'When I got the positive result of my examination to achieve the Bachelor Degree in Plychology.', 'I was scared of water when I was a child.', ' I liked physics . It ’ s all math , really , arcs , curves , velocity , cool stuff . ', 'But Downing Street mandarins grew so alarmed at reports of a snub yesterday that the text of private diplomatic traffic , a telex sent by Mr Clinton on Saturday , was made public . ', "My room-mate locked up our room without specifying where I would find the keys.  I had to spend several hours in my other friend's room.", 'When I was watching a movie in which there was a pit full of dangers and there was only a small safe place on which a man was standing; he had to catch the lady who was thrown in or else ! The pit was 20 feet deep.', 'A relative of mine had come to see my husband to talk to him about a problem concerning his sister and me.  I was angry because this relative of mine did not dare to speak to me and instead spoke to my husband.  I got to know about it later the same day.', "Gotta love that moment when your parents say your full name and you start thinking of all the bad things you've done recently ", 'When I saw a horror film.', 'When I came to know that my exams were on two successive days and that there was very little time (about 9-10 hours) to study in between.', 'When I was going home alone one night in Paris and a man came up behind me and asked me if I was not afraid to be out alone so late at night.', "Carlie and Harvey feel bitter and resentful about the way they 've been treated . ", 'Before an examination.', '` They say the king \'s left Welshpool with a small escort ahead of the army , " volunteered a boy a yard or so in front of them , turning an excited face . ', ' I just lost my job . My boss just told me . ', "A dejected Allen added : ` You can't give John Aldridge chances like that -- he is a quality finisher . ", 'When we could not land our plane and we knew that the fuel was running out.  Bad weather had already frightened us.', ' Unfortunately , you will not be able to view it today . ', 'Going to take my driving test.', "So we moved to Haddenham for peace and quiet but now it starts here and we 're very frightened we shall be driven away from here because you can't live with that noise . ", 'When I met my mother after months of absence.', 'Within months revival began , and overjoyed Christians overflowed into the city streets . ', 'Under de Gaulle , therefore , the Information Minister was a Broadcasting Minister -- to whom the head of state sometimes expressed , day by day , his anger with the content of news and current affairs programmes . ', 'I feel a sense of joy whenever I complete a piece of writing which is part of my work.  Intense reading also brings me joy.  I also feel happy when I reminiscent about them.', "@thelastmilesq TY 4 tweets. Gr8 reminder that we're all same, in or out, we all grow, want peace and love, acceptance, feel alone.  ", 'In arguments with a close friend or relative where my point of view is completely disregarded.', ' One month . ', "Don't be shy . Have some more chicken . ", "I'm afraid I have to return this sweater . ", 'We are pleased to see the guidance state unequivocally that major retail developments are inappropriate in Green Belts . ', ' I heard it . ', "I've been standing here since half past seven . Where on earth have you been ? ", 'When my grandmother passed away.  We had been waiting for it as she had been sick for years, but when it happened I found it hard to accept.', " My dissertation . I put it somewhere last night and I can't find it now . ", 'Insulted by some stupid people.', 'Sometime ago I felt very angry when my mother wrote me telling me that my elder sister was messing up things at home by her internalised aggressive attitude towards parents and her husband.', 'Before the declaration of the S.S.C results.', 'The only thing holding all of us back is the of #failing', "When I was a child, I had a terrible nightmare with St. Nicholas' Devil Servant. I asked my mother if he really existed and she said yes. The following nights I could not sleep and a light had to be left turned on.", 'The guard stiffened in anger . ', ' Mm ? ', 'One day during our clinical practices, we had a very ill patient. Unfortunately the patient passed away. I had seen him dying and it was the first experience. During the night I became afraid fearing the dead body.', ' Yes . ', 'When someone does something wrong which affects me negatively.', 'When I finally got a job after days of wondering whether I would be hired or not and counting on the money that it would bring.', " How do you know it's going to be so fun ? ", 'I am usually angry at myself. This happens often. For instace when I want to pet without falling in love and it soon proves that I have fallen in love with him.', "When my friends did not ask me to go to a New Year's party with them.", 'When my beloved uncle was shot dead by relatives.', 'hi , betty ! ', "Lucy knew she had to tell him something , so she said , ` She got mad with me when I admitted you 'd taken me for two bush walks . ", ' Not at all . ', 'I was mad about her being killed , mad at whoever killed her . ', ' Okay . ', "A colleague's 17 year old daughter is seriously ill with cancer and has only a year to live.  I  heard about it 6 weeks ago.", 'The only time I have ever been bitten was when running with a partner who was petrified of dogs . ', ' But she did and it made me disappointed . ', 'When a close friend met me at the station in the middle of the night, when I came back from a long and tiring journey.', 'Summer, heavy rain, storm - I was standing with my face stick to the window: the childhood, something was going away forever this summer, I was leaving my home, I was going to study in another town, for the first time I was leaving my parents, friends, I had to manage myself, a long and loved period of my life was over - I was crying.', 'At one point in a relationship, my boyfriend was seeing an old flame more than me. At our confrontation tears were shed.', 'Beaten up by a classmate in school.', 'My car skidded on the wet street.', 'When thieves broke into my house at night and held my wife and me on gun-point for at least ten minutes and took away a lot of property.', "A Classic its up there with All Quiet OTWF! Books of this quality inspired M Foot's Military Intelligence a Contradiction in Terms", 'When I passed the university entrance exam.', "Passing my driver's examination (after two failures).", "The Buenos Aires flight was delayed and the plane horribly hot , but this didn't upset the passengers who seemed delighted to be going home . ", 'In my penultimate job I was responsible of a sections with several employers, after several years of dedication I was dismissed by a new chef, saying that I was incompetent.', 'Had fear of losing husband.', 'repercussion when you go back to  on holiday. rules. educating ourselves is important. Think..it is not illigal yet!', 'Hello ? ', ' What ? That ’ s odd . I ’ m so sorry if I ’ Ve bothered you . ', " It's also horrible having to be at a bus stop in any kind of weather . ", 'He remembers the anguish of disapproval and the comforting security of guardians . ', 'Forget Everything And Remember, For Everything A Reason. ', " No , I didn't . ", 'When I saw my niece (5 yrs) crying in the hallway for her mother who had passed away about a month ago.', ' Where ? ', ' No , please feel free . ', " Why should I do that ? I'm good at my job ! That's the only important thing ! ", ' Is that so ? ', ' Yes , fine . ', 'wanders the downtown area w @im_no_ser, ppl watching and ears perked at all the noise and gossip * #war #winter @Rhaegal_', "I 'm very miserable . ", 'The breaking up of a relationship.  We decided that the relationship could not carry on, so it was no surprise to me. And anyhow, I had known it would happen sooner or later.', 'Sorry to bother you . But I ’ m having a small problem I thought you might be able to help me with . ', "So the chief librarian was surprised and not particularly overjoyed to be dragged down from his rooftop sun terrace by Harry 's telephone call . ", ' Oh , dear ! How ruthless ! ', ' So so . ', 'Both Mr Pitman Senior and Junior were reps who grew progressively despondent over the standard of rooms and services they encountered on their travels . ', 'Do you have any particular hobbies , Tom ? ', 'My parents came to visit me.', ' Take care . ', 'During my high school time I succeeded to play a concert of Mozart on the piano when I gave my first performance I succeeded to play it very well.', 'The music is on.May I have the pleasure to dance with you ? ', 'The time I qualified to enter secondary school.', " It is a long story . Basically , she thought I had laughed at her while I didn't . ", " said he wants to live in u, but  he saw fear in your house occupying your space and u wouldn't invite him in ro get rid of ", 'It ’ s dangerous . I don ’ t dare to go . ', "When I heard my grandfather's wife had leukemia I was very sad.", 'not afraid of tomorrow, for I have seen yesterday and I love today #less', 'Going to the exam not well prepared.', "I don't know why suddenly I thought that what I was feeling for my boyfriend was not really love. After almost three years being together, this matter of fact shaked me and I felt a great sorrow that I can call sadness.", 'I felt angry when repeated pleas to the ticket collector and the co-passengers in order to make a queue fell on deaf ears.  I have this feeling whenever someone is not disciplined and methodic in doing his duty.', 'When I passed and qualified for the university.', 'She felt rather riled . ', 'How annoying ! ', 'I was also under no illusion that some backbenchers on our side were nervous about the policy . ', "I could never have agreed to such a plan , but was pleased at Mick 's change of mood . ", 'Hearing a strange noise in the biology building.', ' Yes , I kept on typing it until midnight , but it is lost . ', ' It ’ s okay . I don ’ t want to go now . We ’ Ve already missed ten minutes of the movie . I don ’ t want to see a movie without watching the beginning . ', 'The horror in her voice was almost ludicrous , and Briant raised his eyebrows slightly . ', 'getting too comfortable being single and end up lonely for the rest of my', ' Thank you very much for doing this interview . ', 'When my mother was very sick and almost died.', 'When a boy who was drunk came into my room and misbehaved in the presence of my boyfriend.', "I can't stand the stupid guy any longer . It's unbelievable . ", ' Yes . ', 'At our Senior dinner - separated from school friends, nothing will ever be the same again.', "I Broke Up With Cause I Finally Realized It Was Holding Me Back. I'm In Love With #Grace Now, andIt's Now My Motivation.&#xA;#TeamJESUS", '...and guess what song just popped in my head. ', "After several days delay in my girlfriend's menstration I was very glad to see that the pregnancy test was negative.", 'Vincent was irritated but not dismayed . ', 'When I spoke to Jan-Erik Wikstr÷m on the telephone. ', ' Is there anything interesting ? ', 'But Hartington soon became alarmed at the plans to give increased powers to what he termed ` fanatical local authorities " , and he wrote to Rosebery asking him to withdraw support for the measures . ', " I have a headache . These past few days I've been living off painkillers . Man , I feel like my head is going to explode . ", 'After intercourse.', 'Once, before I had learnt to swim, I stepped on a slippery slope where there was a lot of moss and I slipped into the water.  The water was very deep and I could not stand on my feet.  I sank and had to use a lot of energy.', 'They were a little anxious about the flight over the Timor Sea as their compass had been 10 awry on the outward journey though it was correct at Melbourne . ', 'Reading a letter from a close friend who said he missed me and cared for me.', ' I told you to hurry up a thousand times . You just put a deaf ear to it . ', ' So you want to go to Malibu ? ', 'Argument with roommate over a lock he had put on kitchen cupboard without telling anyone.', ' Congratulations ! I had no idea . ', " I'm really sorry , I'll bring you a hot one right away . ", "How are Zina's new programmers working out ? ", ' Thank you , Paul . ', 'When I flew from Athens to Copenhagen after a holiday.  The plane was caught in a storm and it began to shake and I thouhght that we were going to crash.', ' OK . ', ' Really ? How was it ? ', ' Yes , it is . How do you know that ? ', "Excuse me . I'm afraid you're in my seat . You've moved my books . ", 'When I was accepted as supervisor for a student teacher.  The notification came by post.', 'Talking to a very good friend who had just had a very bad experience which was changing his whole way of looking at life etc.', 'My dog died of a cerebral tumor.', ' You will . ', 'Agony ` I had no time to feel nervous about facing Steve Bull and Andy Mutch . ', 'When my daughter began staying away from classes - at the age of nine only.', ' Oh , I ’ m sorry . It completely slipped my mind . ', 'I feel joy usually after each taken exam, the last one was in February.', "@StreetTeamCheli unburden .... That's what I want to do, I hope that google has translated correctly! hahaha ", ' Oh , the final exam is coming soon . I feel a little bit nervous . ', "No , she 's not vexed . ", ' Are they ? ', 'Nutty was not offended . ', ' Laura ... ', 'I had left a student newspaper of the Chinese university on the table of the library.  It had disappeared when I came back.', 'When my grandmother died - having to see my mother weep.', ' I have to make money to support the family , so I have little time left to share with you . ', 'When I passsed the M.S.C board exams with first class, which I had not expected.', ' Travel . ', 'My father promised me a bicycle for my birthday. Just before my birthday he forgot he promised this to me.', 'When I was told that my uncle had passed away.', ' Any rain ? ', 'He seemed too depressed to do very much , wandering round the house like a zombie . ', 'It was shocking news to me when I received a telegram from home telling me that my grandmother had passed away. I had to go home to attend the funeral but unfortunately I found that the burial had already taken place.', 'One of my class-mates had a disease unexpectedly, he had been in a coma for six days in a hospital before he died.', 'She sounded frightened , a little distraught . ', ' No , seriously . . . I really want this . ', ' I am , sir . ', 'Hauser was amused at the suggestion . ', ' And I bet you studied , too . ', 'A relationship in which I had put my trust, broke up.  I was sad when I realized how easy it is to forget something that one had once regarded as great and significant.', 'Fear is the mind-killer. I will face my fear. I will permit it to pass over me and through me ', ' I feel that I can see more when I pedal a bicycle , but when I feel lazy , I drive my car . ', 'He was angry that Bernard had gone too . ', "When going for my driver's licence for the third time, because everything, it seemed, hinged on getting it. I was really nervous, and the testing Officer made me a little afraid as well. There were lots of things to worry about. I passed however.", 'I was in a garden one evening and I saw a snake coming towards me.', 'Her brightness was forced and she was clearly nervous at what might be about to happen . ', 'One night my father suddenly suffered from a heart attack which lead to breathing difficulties.', 'When I failed the grade seven examination.', "But for the time being , Private Morrison 's family , already overcome by grief , can only wait and hope his body will be released to them soon . ", " How dare you be so inconsiderate ? That's wrong . ", 'I was in the house at night and I heard a hyena crying outside. It cried for almost an hour and I feared it might break the window and enter inside the house.', ' Not much . ', ' That ’ s without a doubt , the best idea you ’ Ve had ! Let ’ s do it ! ', 'His landlady was nervous of strangers and called through the door , ` I \'m sorry , Mr Ramsey is out . " ', 'One of my friends kept criticizing me about everything I did. I thought she was kidding, but later I found out that she was serious.', 'Seeing a close friend who had just returned from twelve months overseas.', ' You can count on it . ', ' In a perfect world , I would enjoy my work if I do not have to do much , and make lots of money ! ', ' Yes , I am . ', ' Hmm , how about seven ? I can treat you to dinner . ', 'Having passed an exam.', 'Someone on my high school football team is also called Moriarty. ', " I'm glad you like it . ", 'My hair stood on end when I saw the bloody scene . ', 'He was on his feet , the chair toppling over behind him , his face livid , his knuckles white-ridged and aimed at her . ', 'When I was young I had gone to an old lift and played with the antique lift.  The guy discovered me and warned me, I was very frightened.', 'My parents did not approve my choice of a boyfriend (now an ex-boyfriend).  He happened to be 13 years older than me and he was considered completely unsuitable for me.  IDIOT.', ' Pardon ? ', "He himself was thrilled , but his pleasure was diminished as he imagined Ken 's pallid , bandaged head shadowed on the screen . ", 'She subsequently attended the genetic counselling clinic , and was very anxious about the situation . ', 'Fear came towards the end of May when the P.T.S. results were out after hearing the failure of my fellow three friends.', ' Oh , hey ... ', 'When my dog died.', ' I see . ', 'When talking with my sister, she often ventilates prejudices, which my father also adheres.', 'Helping in the nursery school.', 'What do you think of the coming match ? ', " I know . This is terrible . What can we do ? This snow doesn't stop falling ! ", ' So ? ', 'I decree and declare the has NO authority over your life, In Jesus Name, Amen.', 'When I was appointed to position of trust in a group set up to change the working environment.', "I don't know how to adjust my life . Would you give me a piece of advice ? ", 'Listening and watching a tape of someone with AIDS being prejudiced against at a counselling course on AIDS with 20 others.', 'is all to do with #Faith ..Have Faith in the perfect #love which casts out fear.. Who is that perfect love? #Jesus #Jesustweeters', " I hear many teenagers will spend hours and hours sitting at computers . And they don't care about their own health at all . How about you ? ", ' I ’ Ve tried it , not a chance . ', ' Why not ? ', " I really hope that you didn't expect me to pay you for this . ", ' Yes . ', 'Finding out my grades at the end of my freshman year.', 'The sources said he is infuriated with her after a row that erupted last week , and is likely to distance himself from her . ', "Because I am the Captain of a basketball team I usually organise a roster system so that everyone in the team can have a turn at doing either a duty or a ref. A lot of the time the girls can't be bothered or just forget - I usually have to fill in.", 'After being depressed because of a very bad relationship, my first love called me and told me that he would always care for me no matter what I did.', 'The elections of 1982 and 1985.  The thought of what a social democrat and communist majority could achieve, especially \\worker share\\" funds and its extension."', ' you could try . It would save you a lot of money . ', 'I got angry at a friend of mine whom I caught reading my notebook (almanach).', 'My sweetheart left me, or rather we decided to break it off by mutual consent.  The consequences were - unrestrained weeping, feelings of loneliness, hopelessness and disconsolation.  I felt that I should find a friend, to talk to joyfully and to forget.', "Well , it's too bad that we like different kinds of movies . Maybe we're just different kinds of people . ", ' It sure is . ', 'He ’ s got laid off again . I do feel sorry for him . ', 'When stupid people push me during rush time in the city.', ' There are tons of other paintings that I think are better . ', 'Yet the dog had grown old and less capable , and one day the gillie had come and explained with great sorrow that the dog had suffered a stroke , and must be put down . ', 'When I get into the tube or the train without paying for the ticket.', 'This last may be a source of considerable disquiet and one might not at first see how such obviously ` immoral " content could be defended as part of a system of morality . ', 'She disliked the intimacy he showed towards some of them , was resentful of the memories they shared of which she was not a part , and felt excluded . ', "When my family heard that my Mother's cousin who lives in England wrote us to tell that he had cancer of the lymph glands.", "Finding out I am chosen to collect norms for Chinese aphasia (I will contribute to China's catching up with the West in neuropsychology).", 'A spokesperson said : ` Glen is furious that the new ` Anarchy " promo features footage of Sid Vicious as well as himself . ', ' Yes . ', 'When I see people with burns I feel sad, actually I can not even express my feelings as I think that they must suffer a lot.', 'I had gone to the hospital for my research and got late in reaching home.  I feared that when I reached home there would be a quarrel because of my being late.', 'One day I heard from a friend that the boy I loved had gone out with her and not with me.', "Connor 's voice was gleeful . ", " Very funny . What's wrong with you today ? You are my secretary and you are not supposed to talk to me in that tone of voice . Do you know that ? ", ' Perhaps we need to have more babies ! Tina gave birth to a baby boy yesterday . ', ' Why ? ', "` I am very happy with the way I am playing but I accept that he believes he should be England 's fly-half . ", 'When I have to leave the baby in the carriage and go shopping, I fear that something will happen to the baby.', ' No , you used to be . But not now . You are in love with someone else . You are in love with my friend , Janet . You appreciate her very much . You think she is beautiful and fun to be with and you think I ’ m dumb and uninteresting . ', ' Wow ! Why so much ? I thought they were getting you an assistant . ', '   Infiltration in our lives. The illusion of so we accept their political Solutions. #Tyranny', 'Spontaneous picnic with sister and friend and children - great.', 'Upon moving away from home for the first time to a different city, I felt no longer \\under the wing\\" of my parents even though they would always be there to help me. I felt a sense of loss, I was now all alone in the world, responsible for my own actions."', ' Over there . ', 'When I learnt that I had failed an exam,  This not only influenced my emotions but also other important tasks, it also made my record imperfect.', ' Me , too , I can ’ t stop scratching . They are everywhere ! Sneaky little jerks . ', 'Good morning , Mary ! ', 'A few months ago when I was teaching, I suddenly became very angry at the children and slapped some of them.', ' Why ? ', 'When my sister lost my favourite jumper at a party and failed to tell me for several days after it happened.', 'My little cat which I had raised all by myself, hanged itself when playing in the garden.', 'Stock investors were not miffed by the frantic currency markets .', '` After he got back I felt like I was in a black hole , " groaned a disconsolate Wilkinson after his two hour defeat . ', ' Say hi to your family for me . ', 'When biking and I felt very bad (problems with heart and respiration).', 'Whenever I am alone in a dark room, walk alone on the street, sleep alone in the room at night or see something which is only partly visible.  This emotion was very strong when as an 8 year   old child I saw something horrible.  ', 'When India lost the Benson and Hedges cricket trophy.', 'When I got in jungle where there was a great number of snakes.', "At a party, on New Year's Eve, I met on old friend whom I had not seen for some time", 'When I failed the M.S.C exams.', 'When I saw a person I had not seen for a long time.', 'When I look at people around and know that people who are stupid look stupid.', 'A case of unrequited love.', 'Once in my work it happened a fight between the person in charge and me. I got so angry and spoke out everything I felt at the moment.', 'The death of my father, even though we had not been very close to each other.', 'When I was admitted to the University.', 'I saw him return this morning , so pleased with himself . " ', 'When I missed the tram after having run for it.', 'As Joe and Biddy became a little more cheerful , discussing my possible plans for the future , I became more miserable . ', 'When I was involved in a car accident last November, after the first fall of snow.  I lost control of the car and it spun round and landed on the opposite side of the road, on the hard shoulder.  It was stopped by a pole on top of a bank sloping down to a stream.', ' Why ? ', 'The more resentful and unforgiving Willie Morgan , was taken to court and then had to terminate a lucrative six year contract after only nine months . ', 'That may not , however , be enough for the offended partner . ', 'Saw a classmate knocked down by a motorcycle.', ' Make it 4 ', 'If someone mentions things like ration books , powdered egg , air raids and so on , my stomach turns over and I feel quite depressed . ', "This feeling occurred to me when my colleague entered in G.V. (University) and I didn't.", "Achieving my goal at a swim meet. I worked toward the goal for 9 yrs. I was capable of achieving it, but I didn't know when.", 'If she had been paying more attention to his face she might have believed that his deeply shocked , anguished expression was not an act , put on for her benefit . ', 'After a difficult exam. When I had not hoped to take it and had got a high mark. When you present someone with something and he feels glad.', " Just look ! In six short weeks I've put on 30 pounds of pure muscle . ", 'Finding out about the university does not have enough foreign currency to buy the yournals in your reference list.', 'My sister had a daughter. I saw the baby for the first time through a pane of glass and she looked at me.', ' It deserves . That film can give us a lot of inspiration . ', "So my @OfficialPWG pic flood will start in 5 minutes. If you don't like wrestling or a fan of my photography,  you were warned", ' I don ’ t understand how you can have any sympathy for show biz stars . They ’ re overpaid , over-ambitious , and over-adored . ', ' Jim ! ', "I was with my girlfriend when some guys that I don't like made fuss at my girl.", ' So easy . ', "He also said , to the delight of those Nonconformists who read his memoirs , that Watson 's tour was far more successful than Matthew Arnold 's . ", ' Exactly . ', ' It must be locked . ', ' How do you do , Ms . Yang.You speak very good English . ', 'I was walking along the passage to my room (very near the anatomy laboratory) and I heard something and felt that there was some thing behind me.  I looked back and there was no one.  I started imagining that maybe it was a corpse.', "I faced this feeling when I realized I wasn't admitted to the institute in the first classifying, in spite of the high mark I had got at the entrance examination. ", " Don't be so irritable . I just don't understand the program , that's all . ", "Sorry I don't live in and I don't need NO MAN as a LEADER (I AM ROYALTY) A KING ALREADY (SELAH)", ' Of course . ', 'When I met an elephant in the bush.', ' I can try , but knowing Margaret she will see through that immediately . ', "I had to unscrew something on my car. I didn't succeed after two afternoons of trying. A feeling of anger built up itself.", "I was very sad when I was shouted at by Uncle and was told that I was not to be given school fees because I didn't go to work in the garden since I had gone to escort my sister to the bus depot.", " I'll tell you all about it next Monday . ", "I was on my way home when suddenly Gule Wamkulu came from the bush and blocked the road. I was in fear and didn't know what to do.", 'When one of my best friends commited siucide during these holidays.', ' Next week . ', " The tall one ? Sure , that's Drive , he works with Lily . ", 'My partner without discussing with me the situation decided it was time for us to have a break and went ahead and arranged his own life for the next 6-12 months, then told me the day before it was about to happen having been tolerant and friendly for the preceding week.', "Doctor , I slipped and fell on my way to school . The ground is so slippery from the snow . It seems I can't move my left arm now . ", 'When my brother was born.', ' What is it ? ', "The celebration of sexuality found in the works of Sidur , Neizvestny and others , stemmed partly from the mischievous delight in taunting society 's taboos . ", " a bit ? I'm extremely annoyed that he didn't phone me when he promised me that he would ! He's such a liar . ", " Fantastic ! I didn't want to come back . ", 'Inevitably some become despondent , fearing they will never work again . ', " I don't know . I saw him the first time Tuesday . He was at the cafe . I noticed he was looking at me a lot . Not just the usual looking , but staring. He just kept staring at me . He didn't stop . ", ' I want my money back for the delivery . ', 'I get angry when someone imputes on me things I never can do, naturally negative. Servility, \\connections\\", impudence, traits that get me mad."', 'I recall thinking that I had to be home soon or Mother would be angry at me for missing supper . ', 'When I heard on the radio that the football match in Belgium had ended in a catastrophe, and several people had died.  I could not  understand how normal people could behave in such a way.', 'Playing NOW on Hardest: BYZPO Radio Show Session #17. Tune in, listen and enjoy.', 'When my term paper was evaluated.', "When I was told that my friend's wife had cancer.", 'When our dog died.', '` It is a long time since anyone cared for you as tonight you cared for Ana , is it not ? " he asked softly , his hand coming to tilt her downcast face . ', "A party with friends on New Year's Eve.", ' I think I will . Thanks for the info . ', 'When we got lost in Florence and the coach did not turn up until midnight.  I had no place to go to and there were strange reports at the police station.', 'When a person is privileged in account of situations that are unjust, and disloyal to colleagues and friends.', 'A few weeks back my daughter had very high fever and I was scared that it might lead to brain damage or convulsions.', 'I was selected to do a rest for a foreign ballet but I did not have the money to do it.', 'Then she remembered his horror when he \'d said , ` Don\'t tell me you \'re a virgin ! " and her heart closed in on itself like a wounded animal . ', " What do you expect ? I've been working for you for three years , and you've never given me a holiday . I don't feel well today , because I have a terrible headache . I am not in the mood for being gentle and polite . If you can't stand it , it's your problem . I am not going to change , because I think it suits you best . ", ' About what ? ', "When my boyfriend was changing his behavior there was something wrong, I felt sad, because it's desagreable when a relationship is ending.", 'I am fed up with Jack . He is so weak in dealing with other people and always eats dirt . ', ' That ’ s a little troublesome . ', 'But I don\'t want an indignant boyfriend on my doorstep breathing fire . " ', ' Definitely . ', 'When I heard that my friend had started drinking beer.', 'My father was away from home and he did not come back when he was expected, he came back several hours later than expected.', ' How do you know whether you should hit the solid or the striped one ? ', "I wanted to go to a friend of mine who had a party; at the moment I wanted to leave, my father said I couldn't go because he needed me for some work in the afternoon.", 'Strictly avoid frightening ideas ', 'Riding home from school after completing two midterms in two days, and feeling I did well on them.', '` Because she still sounded mad at me , and I thought you might try to dissuade me . ', 'not afraid of tomorrow, for I have seen yesterday and I love today #less”', 'I felt afraid just before receiving the question paper of the part II exam.', 'I am happpy when I get good results in the field of academics or athletics.  ', 'I felt sad and depressed when I heard that our cat had died.', 'He turned and saw the waiter bearing down on him with an anxious look on his face . ', ' That works for me ! ', 'Finding out that my health condition may be against my attending university lectures.', 'My best friend had a relatively severe illness.  I was sad because she was suffering.', ' That ’ s a good way to think about it . ', 'Found out that someone I knew well has been misunderstanding me for 2 years.', ' How can believe it if the same excuse was used twice within a week ? ', 'Hi Bill , I saw your grandma yesterday . ', 'Hearing about a friend back home that had to have his stomach pumped because he had overdosed on pills.', 'LEE SHARPE last night relived the anguish of discovering he had a disease which he feared could not only end his career -- but kill him . ', 'Talking to a pensioned and bitter \\street order\\" policeman."', ' Wow ! ', ':) @thomestifanos security is a very juicy business. ', ' I see . ', 'When people would tell me that my ex-girlfriend was playing around on me.', 'I was so desolate about Chip . ', 'Peter says : ` The Poles were furious that we wanted to show prostitutes in their hotel bar , claiming they never had them . ', ' That ’ s a pity . We can arrange another time hopefully . ', "This Duke game is going to give me a panic attack and it hasn't even started.. @holldoll2 ", 'I quarrelled with my brothers (twins) at home on saturday.  One of them studies in a private school and the other one is repeating his form five.  They do not know what they are doing.  They follow every word of their teachers, books and systems.  They always try to rationalize their bad acts by some game and they are satisfied with their awkward life.  I have tried to persuade them very often but have failed.  This time I had a fight as they have no voluntary spirit (they did not polish the floor).', ' Yeah . It is incredible ! Is it the work of Qi Bakshi ? ', 'When my grandmother, who has been living with us for 14 years, had a stroke and was left paralysed on one side. She has been quite close to our family and to see her suffer in this way makes me feel really sad.', 'The landlord had selected a new lodger on her own, while we used to do that it was not what she had done, but how she did it that made me angry.', ' Well , I like playing the violin . ', 'After having left the company of someone who gave me a lot of support and made me laugh, found myself alone for days on end.', " Wow . We don't get to see this in the city ! ", 'I was angry with a person who behaved terribly at a ball offending her relatives.', 'Modigliani , delighted with the atmosphere of warmth and sincerity , resumed his friendship with Soutine and her . ', ' What about ? ', ' How are you feeling ?', ' Is it gonna hurt ? ', ' What kind of solution can I have now ? I nearly go crazy now . ', 'She started like a frightened cat , and looked up at him wide-eyed . ', 'A woman I know is slowly dying from cancer. Observing this process makes me sad.', 'I felt very happy when I won the football pools.', 'When my father phoned me to come home from my vacation, since he no longer had the time to look after my garden and animals.', 'When I drove to Stockholm for the first time and drove off the Stora Hissingen road at the wrong exit.', " Oh , that's terrible ! What bad luck ! I wish we had never come to this country.But , if it isn't the strikes and the revolutionaries , it's the earthquakes.Our operations here are finished ! ", 'When I had achieved a goal indirectly. I work for CAL Football and our 2nd win of the season was very gratifying and brought our joy because of the hard work involved and the fact that no one expected we would win.', 'When I received a beautiful birthday gift form my parents.', 'hate U', 'After my vacations, one day after a lecture it occured to me to buy a rose for my mother.  We went together to a pub and my mother told me that she would be getting married next Spring.  I did not known about it and so was all the more glad.', ' Goodbye . ', 'After I had been away for a long time a friend told me that I had passed all my written examinations.', 'Please excuse me , but I really have to be going . ', 'When my best friend promised to come at my house and I had to prepare so many expensive things for her but only to learn at last that she would not turn up.', "When we still attended school, my brother and I usually went to see our aunt and to show her our term's report. She rewarded us with money. Although my reports were as good as my brother's, he got more money.", ' You come dressed in anything from the sixties . ', ' Oh , we never speak Spanish in class ! Miss.Parker speaks to us only in English . ', "I've moved . ", 'One evening I stayed at home all alone. As we lived on the ground floor, I was often afraid of burglers.', 'You look so happy , Anna . Any good news ? ', " Here is a good place . Let's get out . ", "My sister once stole my mother's money and made her very angry.  After this my mother would beat her up for unreasonable reasons.  One day my sister lent her book to a friend without telling my mother about it.  When my mother learnt this she beat her up and even threatened her with a pair of scissors.  ", "I am spell-bound by the sound of French , infuriated when I can't read it in the books I am given . ", ' I know ! I was in ankle deep water trying to get to my car that day ! The handyman definitely has his work cut out for him . ', 'In a course I thought that I deserved good marks but I only got ordinary marks with no justification as to why I was given these marks.', " Forsythia . It's also called winter jasmine which is the symbol of the spring's arrival . ", 'I felt fear once, when the car in which I travelled directed towards the precipice along the road.', ' What ? ', ' Unfortunately , I missed a chance to see a classic movie . ', ' No , how much is it worth ? ', ' Yes , but there is nothing inside the drawers or on the desk . ', 'Are you telling us a lie again ? ', 'When my boyfriend sat up half the night playing computer games with a friend.', 'I was very happy when I got the message that I had been accepted as a student in medicine.', 'A few months a close relative of mine died.  I had never expected this to happen and was sad for a few months.', ' You can ask me any question at any time . ', ' And my first nephew . He looks a lot like you , mum . He does . ', ' How come ? ', "But he 'd become depressed about his exams and couldn't concentrate on his work . ", "That certainly didn't sound serious enough to account for her great grief . ", 'Can you study with the radio on ? ', 'Years ago I fell in love for the first time. as natural for every school-girl I was day-dreaming. Later (after 3 years) we left each other. No one was to blame but I felt deep sadness. Even now I remember about it quite often.', 'At an office an application that I had made was turned down because of a scrupulous interpretation of the rules.', " What's your favorite flower ? ", '` I am desperately sad that our scheme did not come to fruition but I am glad that someone will take it over and bring these jobs to the area . ', 'Before the exam.', 'I tried my level best to care for my client, I took an appointment with a doctor and before meeting the doctor he expired - a poor small boy from Uttar Pradesh.', 'When I was told that my father had passed away.', ' If I were you , I would put the whole matter on the table . ', ' And ? ', 'Disagreements with mother.  When I moved from KankaanpSS, she had promised to help me move but broke her promise because of some hindrance. ', "@tonyreilly I will not be attending  today due to severe #shame #hangover. I will send my best wishes though. Love'n'bubbles", 'You look so tan and healthy ! ', '@nicolescherzy @nicosherzinger &  &#xA;&#xA;Add those three things up and you have a symptom called #NERVOSO &#xA;&#xA;u wanna learn [:', " My dissertation . I put it somewhere last night and I can't find it now . ", 'Sitting alone in a quiet room, concetrating on things happening around you. Thoughts come into my mind which make me afraid.', 'I went swimming , and I was so happy I cried into the sea for three-quarters of an hour . ', " The door bell doesn't work , the sink is leaking ", 'Crossing a street of several ways the cars began to move and I thought that I was going to be trampled.', ' Yeah but , it is something that you will have forever ! They use indelible ink that can only be removed with laser treatment . On top of all that , I have heard it hurts a lot ! ', 'When I was forced to call the telephone company about a bill concerning a disconnected phone belonging to my landlord.  The bill was four months overdue and in the meanwhile he had been using my phone, he seemed to have no intention of having his own phone reconnected.', " Oh , so it was my fault , was it ? If I hadn't warned you in time it would have been much worse . ", 'On the last day of my school life I was very sad, specially on the farewell party day.  I felt sad to leave behind my beloved teachers and friends.', 'When I impregnated a certain girl, I thought that I would be forced to marry her or go to court.', 'Watching the Asian Olympic game (China winning).', "John 's father came down from Cheltenham to see her , grieving and concerned for her future . ", ' Hi . ', 'They promised us a sea view . ', 'The loss of a very good friend.', 'When I came across an old friend whom I had not seen for a very long time.', " Oh , I'm terribly sorry . but I couldn't find the yoghurt I saw here last time . ", " It'll begin at nine o'clock sharp . ", 'Always when I meet the person I love.', 'Following this there was considerable despondency amongst the committee as there seemed to be little hope for the future . ', 'As a child - having a dog - it getting a disease and dying.', 'Thank god you showed up when you did ! He ’ s insane ! Do you think we should call the police ? ', 'After each successfully passed exam I am happy.', 'I shot the decisive goal in an ice-hockey match.', 'When my grandparents moved to another part of the town.', " to be honest , I'm a bit fed up . ", ' No wonder . ', 'Christmas Eve: there was a tension between my parents, they did not even try to restore a harmonic atmosphere. Mother stayed in her room almost the whole day. I felt alone and was very sad.', 'What do you like to do in your spare time ? ', 'A friend told me that he had suffered in love and in academics.  I shared his sadness.', 'Passing an exam I did not expect to pass.', "In her incensed whisper she called me names I didn't understand . ", 'Both her mother and Lisa had been cross with her ; they both had felt she ought to settle down . ', 'The girls exchanged nervous glances , thinking that it must be Miss Hardbroom come to reprimand them for being out of bed . ', "I'm going crazy . ", 'Some says is #Weakness i think its Something Normal were humans Not Gods , be Scared make mistakes the more Experience the more U Grow', 'Treatment to become pregnant with a negative result.', 'Suddenly , to her relief , the telephone rang , Joanna picked it up , wrote down the message , and came back to the table , looking elated . ', ' What is it ? ', " Ha ! It's not like you've ever been one to beat around the bush . ", ' That ’ s it . Thank you . ', 'I was waiting to receive the participation on the profits and did not receive it.', ' This is ridiculous ! In Taiwan , it is much easier to get medicine when I need it . ', ' Stop picking on me . I am going to be mad . ', 'I got a present from a great friend (a dog).', 'One night, walking along a park, I began to think that some roughnecks would appear suddenly with knives and things like that.', 'Walking in the dark and thinking about ghost stories.', 'There was a hint of exasperation in his voice . ', ' Eleven , ... ', 'They do care about others and are concerned about their country \'s future . " ', " now that I look back at it , it wawsn't that big a deal . I shouldn't have lost my temper . ", 'It was the time I went home for my holidays only to find that my sister had passed away.  The news had been hidden from me, so that I could take my exams.', 'He seemed exasperated , though well in control . ', '` Now that I \'ve seen the finished copy I \'m delighted that I encouraged Susan to write it , " said Mrs Major . ', '   Infiltration in our lives. The illusion of so we accept their political Solutions. #Tyranny', ' Great idea ! Peter , I could use the drink . ', 'In the longer term the offspring of depressed mothers are more likely to suffer from childhood depression . ', ' My phone ? ', 'A close friend travelled to another country. When I knew that he would only come back after many years, I felt very sad.', 'At once regretting that she had let herself become riled , she delved into her bag and came out with a bar of soap . ', ' I think so.Yes , they get along so well . ', ' Got it . Thank you , Shirley . ', ' Follow me . ', "Vitor went down on his hunkers and , much to the child 's glee , spent a minute or two admiring the toy . ", 'I had gone home for a week-end and when I came back I found that my clothes and my bedding had been stolen.', 'He was exhilarated when he heard Ornette Coleman improvising free jazz with his plastic saxophone at a club .', 'It was on 9th January 1983 when I received a message from home telling me that my father passed away on the previous day with a history of cancer of the oesophagus. This time I was doing my third year of my Secondary School.', 'A rainy day, I was cycling downhill and a car door suddenly opened and while trying to avoid it the back wheels of my bike got caught in the tram tracks.  I somersaulted but had no injuries.', "When I got the feeling that I had to do all the housekeeping while my boyfriend didn't do anything. This happened in a period of exams when I had to study very hard.", ' Parents usually give their children more freedom in my country . Sometimes they give them too much freedom . ', ' Amazing . The sun is almost gone and yet there is still color everywhere ! ', ' My mistake . ', 'It was also due to a barbaric delight in high-sounding verbiage , and probably this was the most powerful reason for its use . ', 'His grief-stricken widow destroyed all his cricket clothes and equipment . ', ' Do you guys do anything special ? ', 'Aston Villa are having a great run , but they hold no particular horrors for the Norwich players . ', " No , I'm not . ", 'When I had to give a speech about some historical event, to an audiece of about 200 people my own age whom I did not know.', "2 TIX TO TONIGHT'S @OfficialPWG BUT NO FUCKING RIDE!!! FUCK FUCK FUCK FUCK FUCK FUCK FUCK FUCK FUCK FUCK FUCK FUCK FUCK FUCK FUCK FUCK", "If I said I nothing, I'd be a lying. I'm deathly afraid of grown, straight men with uncomfortably high voices. #WhyDoYouSoundLikeThat", 'The week before I entered to army, when we were being selected. During 5 days I had to pass 10 hours a day waiting for the answer, which at last was the worst. The fear of being convoked, of hearing the fated phrase, was constant.', 'not afraid of tomorrow, for I have seen yesterday and I love today #less', 'When I saw my family after a separation of one year.', '` Poor things , no life of their own , " they say , simultaneously thrilled and appalled as they pore over the latest ` revelations " in the Mail or Express . ', 'Meeting best friend at the airport (boyfriend) who I had missed terribly.', ' On the contrary , very exciting . ', 'go this season  needs you, the word can not happen w/o you', 'What a nice tie you are wearing ! ', "I'm tired of you always wearing my clothing ! ", 'Winning Queensland Chess Championship.', 'Confronted outside a party by some very nasty character - gesturing to a car full of mean-acting friends - felt in danger.', 'Question: Do you live in a world of or #Love', 'I felt very sad when I left home because I could not stand it any longer. I do not regret it, but I missed my little sister very much (and she missed me). These feelings wear off over time.', 'When my grandmother died; I had a stronger relation to her than to my mother.', " How's your married life ? ", ' Thanks . ', 'Floyd Patterson has expressed dismay over the current treatment . ', ' Terrible . ', "A friend of mine is having psychiatric problems because of his mother's death ages ago. He is really quiet and because it relates back to his childhood I feel sadness for him. He doesn't lead a normal life and it just seems unfair.", '` Damn ! " she muttered in exasperation . ', "I was miserable with cold , but although I was prepared to admit that I was miserable , I wasn't prepared to admit that my misery had any connection with cold . ", "I'm worrying that she may be lost . ", 'When I heard that I was not to be provided with another pair of medical uniform.', 'As for disgust.', ' oh . ', 'When I could not reason my friend, it angered me.', 'When I got a message that my child was not feeling well.', 'When I first came to the campus.', 'I felt joyful when my boyfriend met me at the station, while at first he had said that he would not do that.', 'Who is it ? ', ' $ 50 . ', 'Oh , my god . What happened ? Are we dying ? ', 'Merry Christmas , Bill ! ', 'water level rising near my home  #Flooding', 'Since many parents were miserable at being separated from their offspring and it would be a struggle for some to pay money for their misery , they finally decided to have them home again . ', ' What are you talking about ? Let me see that ... What are horoscopes ? ', 'Geographical moves have been found to be third most important in a list of ten precipitants concentrated in the month before the onset of depressive symptoms , in forty consecutive clinically depressed patients . ', 'A party with no worries (i.e. no tests homework etc.) many friends were present and good music.', ' you mean you got working experience , right ? ', ' No . I couldn ’ t find a policeman . ', ' I don ’ t know what happened to me . I just lost it . ', "I was sleeping when I heard the neighbours screaming, I peeped through the window and saw a thief  trying to enter my neighbour's house.", "I didn't like my former fob and felt joy when I received a telegram offering me a new one that I though better and for which I had been waiting.", 'I did not quite succeed in breast feeding my baby.', ' Sorry . How far is the museum ? ', 'My cat died from an illness.  It had been with us for 7 years.  It was a lovely cat.  It had been ill for one or two weeks and the veterinary surgeon had told us that it was dying.', 'A very close friend from Victoria visited me over the holidays. Having enjoyed his company immensely over 10 short days, I was overwhelmed by sadness when he left to return to Victoria ', 'When another patron tried to step in , the enraged lover flew at him . ', 'I got caught shoplifting a package of gummy bears.', '` Don\'t be despondent , " she told me . ', 'Walking at friday night through Nijmegen, going to a pub or a disco.', "I received a poor grade on a midterm even though I got all the right answers and knew the material. I went to the TA to try to raise my grade and he wouldn't do it.", " Haven't you heard that he is in prison ? ", 'Pretty ! Say beautiful rather . Can you imagine any thing nearer perfect beauty than she altogether-face and figure ? ', ' I had meetings back to back all morning . And phone rang off the hook from the minute I walked into the office . ', 'I had a cousin whom I loved so much. Unfortunately she passed away suddenly and one time I had a dream in which I was talking to her yet she is dead.', ' I have done a lot of reading comprehension exercises , and I also spend much time in memorizing English words . ', 'When your back from a busy day, didnt get to watch the match and than realize I hope I recorded  :| ', ' Apparently Skipper landed , felt extremely pleased with himself and threw an enormous buck with a twist in it . ', "Anger with boyfriend's best friend for alienating me and blaming me for personality changes in my boyfriend and changes in my boyfriend's attitude to him and his obvious egoistical attitude himself in doing so. I also lost one of my best friends - his girlfriend.", 'When I saw a few people beating a man who seemed to be a stranger.', ' I would like to compliment you on your diligence . ', 'Mr Hamilton said : ` I am deeply concerned at what you have told me and I shall ask for immediate steps to be taken for normal decencies to be observed . " ', " You can say that again ! It's much more modern than people imagine . Where are you from ? ", "I remember being sad whe my aunt's child died (2 days old).", ' See you . ', " I said it's a lovely day . Why don't we go for a walk ? ", 'I was told that a friend of mine was going to Mexico for good.', 'I was brave enough ta b born in da world none', ' What is it ? ', 'My sister lost one of her twin sons (my first nephews) and then the older one died a week later.', ' When ? ', " Yes , The SARS epidemic is not under effective control yet . So I'd better not risk it . ", "What would you be doing right now if you wasn't afraid... Don't let stop you!!!!", 'When I learnt that my younger sister had been expelled from secondary school because she was pregnant.  That was the second time that this happened in the family - the first time it had been my elder sister.', "I can't stand being with you any more . I'm sick of your drinking . ", "When I had gone for a boxing tournament which ended at 2 o'clock in the morning.  I was alone on my way back, and I could hear the barking of the dogs, the nocturnal animals and the sound of my     own footsteps.  There had been a rumour  circulating that there were ghosts in that area.", ' And later ? ', ' Hello ? Can you help me ? My computer ! Oh man ... ', 'When my friends left without waiting for me, after we had arranged to go out together.', 'When I woke up after a nightmare.', 'I am afraid of my academic results as I will face several problems.  I am scared of my limitations and the unlimited problems and I do not know how to cope with them.', " The heating controls don't work anymore , so it always feels like it's about 100 degrees in the car — even in the summer ! ", 'When I got an unexpected letter from  a guy, who had been my school mate.', ' I really wish I hadn ’ t done it . ', "When I knew about my sister's in law finacial situation and what she was facing.", 'My girlfriend left the house in which we lived together a few months ago. This made me very sad.', 'OK , Hello ! ', "I once was accused of falling in love with someone's girlfriend which was not true because the girl was just a friend of mine.", 'Finding out that China is poor, so we cannot have good reference books.', 'These days he is quite happy travelling by trolley . ', ' All right , I will explain it to you later on . Now scram . ', ' Of course . ', 'Squeezed like despondent sardines , they looked as if they were huddling for warmth . ', 'My boyfriend suffered form ill health for some months, this week the physician told him that he was restored to health.', 'Hey , Cindy , I ’ m so sorry about yesterday . I shouldn ’ t have yelled at you in front of everyone . ', "Ahhhh!!! I'm worried about the dentist why did I put it off so long!! ", ' Nah ! This is boring ! I ’ m gonna go play Killer Zombies on my PlayStation ! ', 'I felt extreme joy the day I was baptized. I was one with God.', ' I agree . Are there any commercials on the TV ? ', 'I was happy that I was having my own baby but sometimes I used to cry for nothing and I was easily upset . ', 'not afraid of tomorrow, for I have seen yesterday and I love today #less', " I won't . ", ' That ’ s right , we bought it the same day we came on the market . ', 'His smile was patient , peeved , and very sad . ', 'For Swift , there is a connection between cosmetics and prostitution ; the carefully assembled exterior often conceals both physical horror and moral contamination . ', 'When one of my closest friends died unexpectantly.', ' Uh , yes . ', 'The enraged animal charged into Christopher Rogers , pinning him to the ground . ', 'I was afraid to walk through the forest one day when I dropped off the bus around 6.30 pm.', ' Oh no , Ari . I didn ’ t mean for you to pay for me when I invited you to go tonight . Let ’ s go Dutch . I ’ ll pay my own way . I insist . ', ' Colorado . ', 'When I was house-hunting: Another person got a flat that I would have liked, too, because he heaped a floot of words on the letter.', ' Everyone from school . ', ' Ah ... ', 'For the owner , it can mean heartbreak at the loss of a family pet . ', 'Robyn leant against the door to the office and found herself experiencing the old , familiar surge of deep annoyance . ', 'There was one teacher who used to get so mad that she would throw slates around , with the whole class ducking out of the way . ', 'I reached the bus stop and realized that I had forgotten my bus pass.', 'I felt very sad when a friend of mine failed the final exam and she could not be accepted at the institution of learning.', " I see . Oh , wait . Ma'am , I'm sorry . These slacks were on sale . ", 'When you told everyone in the last lecture you will do all lectures again in English and everybody can come (not only English classes)', ' So you are . ', " Let's hope this stroke of good luck lasts . I hope we are over our financial difficulties for good . ", ' Frightened ? You must be joking . ', 'When we got a young dog.', 'miss geng-2 clan , bila la aku bole join korang ? :/', 'I felt glad when I took the rather difficult organic chemistry examination.', ' Sounds good . The food there is fantastic , too . ', " I'm very sorry about this . ", 'More then 40,000 ecstatic fans filled stadia each night to scream at the girly they instantly dubbed the Mighty Minogue . ', 'Angry with my brother, who was making fun of me, teasing me.', "A stranger to the district , coming over a brow of the hill , would have stopped astonished and perhaps a little peeved to see Ploughman 's Lane lying beneath him . ", 'A member of a religious sect tried to convert me, using really evil tricks to persuade me.  After he had left, I was anxious and angry for a long time. After the event, I was alone.', "It 's possible to be sad about your babies becoming children , and yet accept the fact that you won't have any more . ", 'How is he ? ', 'My sister was impolite to my father when the family was having lunch together at a restaurant.  She thought that our parents had been prejudiced against her, this was an extreme thought.', " That's all right . But why were you so rude to me at lunch . ", ' Oh , sorry . I didn ’ t notice it . Sorry . ', 'A night out watching airplanes! If only i cud enjoy getting on it as much as i enjoy watching it fly across the sky ', ' Make it three cups . Here comes Harry . ', " Great , because I am really mad at William . I mean , what kind of an idiot wouldn't be able to appreciate a smart , beautiful woman like me ? Anybody who would be friends with that guy has to be really dumb . ", ' I think you have chicken pox ! You are contagious ! Get away ! Don ’ t breathe on me ! ', 'In the last 10 days of the trail , however , he became much happier to take risks , although babies remained unkissed . ', 'As a result of breaking the indicator light as mentioned for guilt.', 'After a motor accident (I was the frong-seat-passenger) I spit blood.', 'When a teacher though pretending to be a highly cultivated teacher and a man, slapped a classmate of mine in the face quite undeservedly.', ' What ? ', 'When I was admitted to the Chinese universiity.', 'When I received my U.E. accredited as I was totally unexpecting it and I was so happy.', 'My father had once again told me that I should be careful and try to seek admission to other places also apart from the faculty of Social Sciences at the university of Helsinki.  I was not at all interested in any other place and had no time to study for other entrance exams.', 'My friend was pregnant, but lost her child during the second month. I went to see her at hospital - she was crying. I felt very sorry for her.', ' I am sorry . There is a speed limit . ', 'When I almost ran over a small boy who suddenly was in front of my car.', 'When I failed at the first entrance exam.', 'Our , most of our rules and most of our laws are made by people who are frightened of losing their property , and not the sort of people who are frightened of being mugged at night . ', 'Someone told me we are not as good as the All English Class.', "What a nice day ! Why don't we go for an outing ? ", ' What ? ', 'I was very angry when one day I went to see my girlfriend I talked to her and could not answer back. She was depressed for reasons which were not known to me.', 'In a very important basket-ball match where a lot was at stake, I played very badly.', 'Power cut made me unable to listen to the songs sung by my favourite pop star.', 'Brother continually interupting while I was talking on the telephone.', '@sachaLan Free Expression As Revolution ', 'Punished by a leader.', 'When I received my promotion letter.', 'When my grandmother passed away.', 'Once when I crossed the street, and was nearly trampled by a car.', ' I already had that idea . ', ' It ’ s fine . I am actually from Mexico . I was in China on a business trip , visiting some local companies that manufacture bathroom products . ', ' I can see that you are trying , but where do you think you could improve ? ', 'When I won the first prize in a cross country race.', 'When I succeded in establishing a contact with a girl (who is now my girlfriend).', ' I don ’ t have one time in particular . I just go to sleep whenever I feel tired . ', "Faint annoyance began to show on Major Tzann 's face . ", ' Fine ! ', "While at school I had to write an essay for doing something wrong that I didn't do. I wrote the essay about how I was mistreated and got Saturday morning detention along with a few other kids, but they didn't show up.", ' Absolutely not ! I refuse to have thirteen people for dinner on Friday ! ', 'You can imagine my horror ! ', " Rather . I'm afraid I didn't do very well . ", ' Is he in ? ', 'I had been having a heated argument with a lover - whose intention was that we should marry in the near future - and was rejected by her when I started to cry. When I stopped crying for a moment she said \\There, have you got it all out now ?\\"."', 'After my marriage I received the B.Sc results by post, I was very happy to learn that I had got very good marks - first class.', ' Sounds good . ', "Hello ! I'm Penny , I moved here just now . ", ' Ur , you really let me down . ', ' Jog ? ', 'An argument among friends in which my opinions on the way to spend spare time were disapproved.', 'When I learned that my former boyfriend had become engaged - although I was glad that he had found what he wanted, I was very sad at my own personal loss, since I had always hoped we might one day reconcile.', "After my little sister's Graduation from High School my grandmother became very sick. She passed away a few months later.", ' Oh , that is a shame . He is really hard working . ', 'Naturally when I got myself discharged this was my second birthday.', 'When I received a letter from the university telling me that my application had been accepted.', 'Man , I ’ m freaking out ! You gotta help me ! ', "One night, at a friend's place I realized that I had everything I most wished, around me.", ' Dream on ! ', " I'm sorry , but our university computer center only sells Macintosh equipment . ", "Shaw , however , worked off most of his exasperation over the weekend winning the Durham and Cleveland County veterans ' over 50 title . ", ' Autumn is also very nice in Washington . ', ' Exactly . ', 'Love problems.', " I don't find this fair . ", 'How can I tell her about this ? ', 'Getting University Entrance accredited and arriving home from boarding school on accrediting leave.', ' I really like the straight legs . ', " That's a good idea . Let's see if we can get more people in this plan . There isn't much business these days anyway , so I think many people will be interested . ", "How's work ? ", " Oh , shut up , will you ? It was all your fault . If you'd kept quite this would never have happened . ", ' I only buy them if they look particularly interesting . I don ’ t buy any regularly . ', ' I do like Thai food . Did you see much of Bangkok ? ', "I was alone at home on New Year's Eve.", 'When my elder sister died.', ' I don ’ t believe that . ', 'Well , Mr . Brooks . I ’ m sorry , again , for the delay , but we should have everything completed by the time you get back . ', 'Delighted about Jim , apprehensive for Jasper , Alice lay for a long time awake in the silent room . ', 'I dare say a few prize juries might be peeved at having their judgment queried , too . ', 'When I discovered that the people I trusted most were talking behind my back.', 'The advertisements appeared in Novoye Russkoye at the weekend , causing a buzz of excitement in the Soviet expatriate enclave of Brighton Beach , also known as Little Odessa . ', ' I agreed to not go into the mall , but I can still look at things in the market ! ', 'During my holiday I met again a friend who had tried to commit suicide. She had just left hospital, her lips were trembling, she looked miserable.', ' absolutely . ', " Oh , I'm sorry . ", 'Little hesitant to apply deodorant ever again ', 'When I realized that I was far behind the others in the language course and I could no longer catch up with the others.', 'When I passed my B.A exams.', 'The simple , laughing islanders subsequently worshipped it as a god , much to the amusement of their more sophisticated neighbours . ', " It's a very popular game in America . ", ' Will you take my materials back from him for me ? Please ! ', 'I had an argument with my mother because I criticized the rules she imposes at home, which are too rigid and arbitrary for me.', ' I feel itchy ! I can ’ t stand it anymore ! I think I may be coming down with something . I feel lightheaded and weak . ', 'On Christmas eve,1984, I had just finished the exams and was afraid as the results of one of my major subjects had been very unsatisfactory.  I thought that I had only a 50% chance of passing.  Even if I failed this subject I would not need to repeat.  However I liked this subject very much and my results were bad because of my lazyness.  If I was forced to change to a minor in this subject I would be very unwilling.', " I've been having a hard time sleeping lately . ", ' OK . ', ' And a storm blew our roof away . ', 'The loss of a person I loved very much.', 'When I witnessed a bus accident in which a bus, full of passengers,  nearly overturned on the road ', "I had a quarrel with a good friend about the fact that I didn't pay her a visit when she expected me to come. Hereafter I was very sad because it became a real quarrel.", 'When the thing that made my friends and relatives sad happened to them.', "Out of breath , and furious to note that he wasn't even panting , she struggled to free herself , then glared at him . ", ' Pardon ? ', ' Have a try . ', ' Oh , I see . ', 'He felt both elated and frightened . ', ' And that ? ', 'Many of the youngsters feel resentful that society is kicking them out . ', ' How can you live without job in the future ? ', ' yes , I was just wondering how you and your roommate were planning on coming to my place . ', ' I missed a few classes ; I need to make sure I come to school on a regular basis . ', ' Why ? ', ' Definitely , I ’ m really sorry . ', 'I had a quarrel with my fiancT. When he admitted his fault, everything was allright. It was then for the first time that he surprised me with coffee and cake and a bunch of flowers.', 'Getting to know that my uncle in America had a brain tumor.', 'My old boyfriend - yes the same one - asked me out. We had a good time. Then he asked me out the following week. He actually took interest.', 'He even telephoned Wexford to tell him about it , his elation subsiding somewhat when he heard the chief inspector had also found this out three hours before . ', "When I was curious about it and went to a spiritism session with a friend. I had already been there other times (many times when I was younger) but that day, even if I don't believe in spiritism I was terribly afraid that something would happen to me (sort of incorporation !).", 'Delighted at having gained his complete attention , Lori squirmed in her seat . ', 'When my boyfriend and I experience something nice or when we have made a nice walk together.', 'In the real sense of the word I experienced fear in my first months in the army. During my first night of duty. The cause for all this was a bear. I became panic sticken (may be for the first time) and even forgot that I had a gun.', ' Come on . ', ' Have you made the decision yet ? ', 'I made dinner for some friends and they appreciated it very much.', ' Now what ? ', ' Five . ', ' Last night ', ' How come ? ', 'The young woman just stared back like a frightened rabbit . ', ' How much ? ', ' Not bad . ', " I'll try . ", ' When ? ', ' Fine ! I ’ ll start drinking and having home cooked meals that are low in fat . Are you happy now ? ', 'A close friend decided to stop with his study and to go back home.', 'She was really pleased when she came back and found him fighting fit , even though he was still using one wing as a crutch to support his crooked leg . ', 'I failed a subject despite the fact that I had studied quite a lot for it.', 'A certain person whom I respect and esteem a lot pays me no attention.  She keeps up appearances but shows almost no interest in me.', ' They sure did . ', "I'm sorry , I'm having a little trouble understanding your accent . ", ' of course . Is the dinner still on ? ', "They 're frightened to death . ", 'The time when my sister had her first baby I was so happy and joyous because she stayed for two days after marriage before she had a child.', " I've had enough . ", "Some individuals become excessively nervous about visiting the vet , for example , and it is a good idea to begin visits early in the dog 's life . ", 'Do you want black or white coffee ? ', '` We \'re particularly concerned about the increase in incidents involving youngsters of 11 and 12 , especially girls , " said founder Regina Dollar . ', 'I felt joy when I was admitted to the Higher Agricultural Institute.', "Elizabeth 's face lit up , as she told him of Martha 's excitement over the clothes sent by Tamar . ", 'One day I was busy day dreaming along the road and suddenly I heard the sound of jamming car braked behind me. I woke up from my dreams and it was about to crash me.', 'Gazza was blazing mad that his training ground ` discussion " had been misinterpreted as a bust-up . ', 'Have you seen that house ? ', 'I wish I knew who had moved our flower pots . ', 'Gloom , on the other hand , sees a noisy , grimy city with crowded underground stations , overpriced restaurants , jostling strangers and mournful faces . ', 'I was afraid that I would fail an examination.', " I'm sorry to hear it . What's wrong with her ? ", 'I was thinking about death.', ' how are you feeling today?', 'A friend came to tell me that her father invited me to go on holiday with them in Benidorm otherwise I could not afford to go on holiday.', "When a close friend failed to live up to the expectations I had of him - thereby causing pain to his spouse. I believe that my anger was probably a reaction of fear that I wouldn't be able to live up to my own expectations.", '@JillScott12 love it! the ultimate adult weapon!haha!', "I 've heard of women so depressed that they spend their 40th birthday incommunicado , having a mini nervous breakdown in bed . ", ' I guess . ', 'A friend of mine that is abroad undertook recently an axam to enter on University in Dallas, and was approved.', 'When I went to see the dead body of my uncle.  This was a very dramatic expreience as it was the first time that I entered a mortuary.', 'She washed the floor thorough and was pleased she had done so . ', 'It was hot , sunny and the water looked so cool and inviting that Maggie felt quite downcast about having no swimsuit . ', ' Thank you . ', ' I think you can find out if there is a possibility of romance within the first second of meeting someone , so-called love at first sight . ', 'Her elation took her into her clothes , back to the kitchen to leave Phoebe a scrawled memo , and out of the front door . ', " Good.So we don't have to work.How nice ! ", 'Someone borrowed my textbook and deliberately did not return it.', "I'm worried sick that she might leave me one day . ", "It's your turn , sir . I'm sorry that you had to wait . Saturday is a busy day for us . ", "When I was confronted by a policeman one night around 11 o'clock.  I was afraid when they threatened to take me and my girl to the gallows.", 'When I was accepted as a student.', ' Absolutely . ', 'During the Summer, at my workplace, a person kept interfering with my tasks and making unfounded remarks.  I felt hatred for him but it stopped when I realized that he just longed for attention.', 'A friend told me it would be better for me not to be on familiar terms with another friend, although, in my opinion he had no reason to say such things. He only said so hoping that I would search support from him (that, however, was not necessary).', 'I was awakened by a dream in the middle of the night. I dreamt that a stranger was in my house.', "At one of my close friends saying she didn't like the way I am nice to people I don't know, or who have been nasty to me.", ' No , sir . ', 'Tonight in bed when I realised how bad my relationship with my friend was.', " Oh , no . That's bad news . ", ' But I get scared the moment I see a needle . How could I stand having needles in my body for hours on end ? ', 'I work at a day care centre, and one day when the children were outdoors a four-year old boy disappeared from the yard.  I was not looking after them then, but as the manager it was me who was responsible.', 'Zina , can I talk to you about something personal ? ', 'Feeling thoroughly disquieted , she left her room in a rush . ', "When I was accused by my brother of having stolen a 5 kwatcha note from my mother's bag.  I was beaten up for this, the money was found later.", ' Thank you . ', " She can't answer you . ", ' how did your day go ?', " well , I'm really worried about my grades . I didn't think this course would be so stressful . ", ' Come in ! Quickly ! ', ' How ? ', ' You can ’ t just throw me out on the street ! ', ' Yeah , there isn ’ t a bad seat in the place . ', " But I don't know what else I can do . I am willing to work hard . Sometimes I make mistakes and the boss is not happy . ", 'Sumtimes d fear of being jobless after school gives me the creeps!     of an undergraduate', 'When I was on holiday, walking back to where I was staying, at night, and two men started closely following me. There was nobody around that I could run to.', " OK , Mum . I'll invite my friends home . ", ' Yes , and hurry up ! ', ' Spring . ', 'There was a nervous laugh at this topical sally provided by the Zola trial . ', 'Heated discussion with spouse concerning new house.', 'Dad , why are you taping the windows ? ', 'This situation happened when my friend John ate my banana which I kept in the cupboard.', 'In the 12/83 my boyfriend asked me to forget him, as it would be easy.', ' I ’ m sorry , Janet . I left it at home . I ’ ll bring it back in the morning . ', ' No . Only a few pounds . But my passport was in the bag . That ’ what I ’ m really worry about . ', 'When I received a letter of acceptance to CAL.', 'Only afterwards , when Tommy disappeared and Maudie seemed so heartbroken , then I began to wonder . ', ' crazy ! ', 'Good dinner on the National Day.', " I am not sure about the name of the film , but I know it's a romantic one . ", ' Get in . ', "I feel excited when I come up with something that I can have Jack to help me with , I 'm always ready to hear what he has . ", 'Being involved in a car accident and having my thumb caught in the glove compartment. My sister and I had a Fear of finally telling my parents, since my sister was the driver.', 'Oh my god ...  did an awesome play on ....love that scene.', 'I felt very lonely, was very dissatisfied with myself when I realised that I could feel very jealous of other women because of my boyfriend.', 'When I got a first class in the twelveth standard exams, I was very surprised and happy and I had a very good time with my friends.', 'I am really sad that nobody wants to do it like I have done it for them . ', 'After receiving the grade on the paper mentioned in FEAR.', 'When I passed the driving test after three failures.', ' I ’ m sorry , Jim . ', " I'm sorry . ", "Hi , Mary . You look pale today . What's the matter with you ? ", '5 minutes till pizza express pizza is cooked ', 'I hate to see the abuse of animals . ', 'I was angry the other day because the teacher told me to sweep some orange peels. It was my friends who were supposed to sweep, but the teacher told me to do it.', ' I love stir fry crispy bitesize vegetables covered in a mixture of soy sauce and oyster sauce . Wilted greens and fresh bean sprouts . Throw in some onion and garlic and ginger ! Mmm ! Mmm ! It ’ s almost lunchtime . I would die for a plate of stir fry right now ! ', 'When my parents and sister went on a trip and I was separated from them for about three months.', ' It was nice to see you , too.And please give my regards to Mrs.Robbins . ', 'Once while crossing a road I was overcome with fear.', "I felt very sad when I saw the first list from the names of the people who entered at the University and my name wasn't there.", 'When my nephew was born. The birth was hard, it was a big baby.', ' Ok . ', 'I was driving very fast on a small road and I met an oncoming car in a right handed bend.  The other driver was on his own side of the road and I had to skid out of it to avoid a collision.  It was dark.', 'I was physically assaulted and sexually abused about a year ago. Just the feeling that I might not get away intact, or even alive, produced fear.', 'To the dismay of German suppliers , Mr Lopez is also eager to share this advice with foreign competitors . ', "A few monthe ago, when my brother's wife told me that I had bad manners.  To make matters worse she did not let me use their telephone as she only allowed people of her own tribe.", "I'm so nervous about this oral test . ", 'Good game ? ', '` The problems start when he becomes more excited and frisky than usual . ', ' is not a strategy  is not a factor is not an option', "My mother's death.", 'We are more despondent and needy than ever ! ', " Sorry , we ' re sold out right now.Please come back next week . ", 'When my favourite football team made a goal and was about to win the Cup of England.', 'Continous fear of a nuclear war.', ' Why not ? ', ' Stay away from me . ', 'My grandmother was about to die, and it had the effect that at night, after having read a book, and once in bed, in perfect darkness, the fear arose that I too may suddenly die.', ' Thank you . ', 'One evening, I was with a group of friends having a talk.  There was a very trustful and joyful atmosphere.', ' Sure . Which button do I press to shoot ? ', "Eating biscuits and drinking Milo (Chocolate energy drink made with milk and usually drunk warm) with my friend at College. We get on really well, don't withold any feelings about each other's friends and are pretty good at cheering each other up when we are homesick.", 'I was afraid when I met my Uncle because this time I was with my boyfriend I thought I was not going to be given pocket money.', 'When my grandmother died.', 'During a family discussion on my future and my prospects as a student, they accused me of not bothering about looking for a job to assume my financial situation.', " Oh , so it was my fault , was it ? If I hadn't warned you in time it would have been much worse . ", " I'm really sorry I let you down . I'll make it up to you somehow . ", ' I feel the same way . ', ' He ’ ll finish writing in a minute . ', "You shouldn't have told her the truth.What can we do now ? ", 'Contented workers are more likely to be profitable . ', 'My sister was in a hospital, later in the evening we received the information that she had died.', ' I see . ', " I'm so sorry to disturb you so early . ", '` In fact , " said Helen , ` I \'m not feeling particularly glum about all this . ', 'Someone drove into my car and then denied that it had happened.', 'At that stage , Sunderland were good value for the lead and Mr Crosby must have been a contented man . ', 'Before important sports events.', 'She began to feel exasperated . ', ' Yes , I do . ', 'My living and working conditions at home were unbearable. We used to live in a three room flat together with two more families. The discords caused a change - one of the families moved out. The other family stayed with us but I drifted away from my fiancT. In fact we were two families in the flat. Then I found myself alone in the struggle for this life because my fiancedid not stay next to me my grief and sorrow took on large proportions. I wanted to commit suicide but instead I threw myself against the cause of the irritation.', 'My father gave money to my brother but not to me.', ' A lot . I probably got to moonlight for the rest of my life , but so what , it ’ s worth it . Come on , get in . Let ’ s take a drive . ', "I'm expecting an extremely important phonecall any minute now #terror #opportunity", " I know you don't hear me right know , please calm down . Anyway , I don't wanna part . I'll drop by tomorrow . ", "This year I don't intend to drive in the snow, and ESPECIALLY not on the motorway. RESPECT mother nature ", 'I found a problem in homework which would not get solved although I tried my best.', 'They suffered the heartbreak of losing three children through premature births . ', 'When my sister lost her only son, who was sixteen years old.  I felt very bad about it as this was the first death in my family and then I learned slowly to understand to life.', " I wanted to . But he said , no , the box is still in its plastic wrap from the store.If it's opened , other people won't believe it's new . ", " I'm really sorry I let you down . I'll make it up to you somehow . ", 'I was too miserable to giggle , but I wondered if the fiances had when he postured on his lawn . ', 'When I was not selected to go to the University of Malawi I felt very sad.', 'Since the war the CIA has been very alarmed at some of the left-wing British governments , many of whose politicians it regards as friends of Moscow . ', 'When I lost a wallet while travelling, since it belonged to the group I was very afraid.', 'I felt thrilled to be back in Abyssinia and stared entranced at the arid landscape of the Danakil desert . ', 'When my friend was involved in a car accident.', ' 12 ', 'My cassmate laughed at me when I was being scolded by the teacher.', 'A fear from the loss of a close friend as a result of his behavior.', 'When I found out that my father had lung cancer and they did not know how long he would live.', "I learnt from the newspaper that I had been accepted at the Chinese university of H.K.  It was 7 o'clock in the morning.  Later I told my family and relatives about it and had tea with them very joyfully.", 'Someone knocked on the door when I was alone at home (though there was a door bell).  I looked through the peep hole but it had been covered.  I called my sister but she could not help me as she was hundreds of kilometres away.', '\\ I have been hearing rumours that you have not been allowing people in your room,\\" he said.  This sentence really shot my heart.  I failed to find the right words, instead I walked away without uttering a word."', ' Bye . ', 'Found out that me and my best friend are both chosen for the English lectures.', '` I don\'t seem to be getting anywhere with this damn machine , " he said with exasperation . ', " Oh , good . If you could come around six thirty or seven o'clock , that would give us some time to chat a whit over a glass of wine before dinner . ", ' It starts at 8 ', " I'm sorry , sir . ", "When my girlfriend's nephew passed away.", ' Oh no . I broke your vase accidentally . ', 'When I was hitch-hiking and I went with a man who drived like a madman.', " Why can't I call the police now ? He was definitely following me ! ", 'They have also aroused Protestant anger against Dr Runcie , at the same time as he has become involved in a row over his attack on the ` Pharisees " of British society . ', " sounds good ! Let's go ! ", 'Oh , sir . I lost my passport . ', 'Two guys were fighting murderously and I feared that one of them would be killed.', "I feared that my dog's eye was infected too much. He had played around in the weeds and a foxtail had gotten under his eyelid. I took him to the vet and I feared that he may go blind because of the foxtail.", 'Before an important exam.', ' how was your day ?', 'When I finished a relation after four years, leading to much sorrow for the other one and myself (\\although it was the best solution\\")."', 'Most were more concerned with the courts being ` too lenient " . ', "My father began to say incoherant things concerning my brother's and my own behaviour towards him.  His biased (authoritarian) and ridiculous point of view made us angry.", ' Hehe .. sure ', ' you bet it ! ', 'When I heard my sister got in a bad car accident.', ' like what ? ', " I'm sorry , but we usually don't do it . It is our policy . ", 'When my sister had the still born child, she was emotionally very deep down, and it took her a long time to recover.', "A person ignored my advice, did not pay any attention to what was saying. She acted as though I wasn't even there. We were doing group work so everybody had the right to speak yet she just ignored me. She made me feel insignificant.", 'Bert , a lanky , lugubrious individual , declined . ', "Tug had just one glimpse of the girl 's horror as her mouth and her eyes opened wide . ", ' Okay . ', ' Oh , sure . ', 'A friend said : ` Joan is thrilled Katy has found such a nice chap . " ', ' Yes . Don ’ t you think he should be pitied rather than accused ? ', ' Thank you . ', 'It smells like an ashtray in here ! ', "Awesome time at @teamoneill 's Fighting Fear premiere last night in Leicester Square - Check out the HD trailer on our Facebook page ", 'How on earth , when her heart was thumping and her body drowning in a wave of heat , could she stay angry at him ? ', ' What is a sixties party ? ', ' I was taking a walk when a young man came at me from nowhere and snatched the bag off my hands and ran away . ', 'Going to be a long long day in work. Also not looking forward to these photos from last night ', 'It smells like an ashtray in here ! ', ' I don ’ t want to . ', 'When I decided not to out any longer with a girl whom I liked quite a lot.  This made me feel low for a some time.', " Well , last week I invited her over to dinner . My husband and I had no problem with the food , but if you listened to her , then it would seem like I fed her old meat and rotten vegetables . There's just nothing can please her . ", ' I am still waiting for their call . ', ' Sorry . You have to buy your ticket at the next counter . ', 'Je ferais bien mon shopping coiffure pour le prochain Grand Webze mais y a rien qui me branche. Surtout pas Sylvie Tellier en tout cas ', ' Yup . ', "Just walked past a Asian girl and she grabs her BF's arm. Now I know all races even my own are afraid of me. #boss #scandalous", " I have rights , don't I ? ", 'A close relative was at odds with a very powerful firm.  All his things had been taken, His dad had died a little before this event.  He gathhered his children and vowed to give them a good life with a new start - the words were hollow, he bit back his tears .....I asked to be excused and then went and cried in the loo.', ' This is interesting , Ms.Parker . ', ' I see . ', 'Lenin was furious when he learned about it . ', 'He told me he was  with me. told me not to tell him I felt those butterflies too.', 'Several years ago my mother died. She had been ill for a long time, but nevertheless her death came unexpectedly. I did not and I still do not want to believe that it is true.', ' Certainly . ', ' How come ? ', ' Phew ! . . . Wait a minute , CRASH ? ? ! ! Spyware ? Trojans ! What ? where ? when ? ! ', ' I am sorry , Bob . If you had told me you were coming up , I would have kept tonight free . But you didn ’ t tell me . ', ' Yes , of course.It was nice to see you . ', "Julie 's devastated husband Tim , 32 , was last night preparing to fly from their home in Northampton to identify his wife 's body . ", ' 1808 . The toilet doesn ’ t work properly , the water doesn ’ t run in the shower . ', 'An ex-colleague asked me if I was interested in working in their accounts bureau.  They needed \\clever people\\" and he had \\"immediately thought of me.\\""', ' What ’ s up ? ', "Oh , my God ! I've been cheated ! ", " I'm sorry I've already gone through my paycheck for the week . ", ' Well , I think personal development is much more important than simply having a superior living environment . ', " Maybe tonight . I don't know . I don't know how to tell her . ", 'Losing a pet chick. Our family had just put the chick outside a few days before and then one morning it was gone.', 'In time , perhaps , she would make efforts to conceal her resentment about his ability to make her feel guilty , and he would make efforts to conceal his anguish about the loss of her . ', " I'm afraid I don't quite understand . ", 'When I passed the grade 7 exam.', 'When I realized that I could not communicate properly with my closest friend.', ' Wow ! ', 'Every time I went home with my school report.', 'I was happy when I understood that the girl I liked was in love with me.', 'Death of a relative.', 'The British , however , remained suspicious of American motives , and resentful of their advice . ', ' Oh , no . ', " Oh , don't you ? God save me ! ", 'Looking down at the dead man Wycliffe felt guilty because he was experiencing a sense of mild elation . ', " She is as meek as a lamb . She never goes against anyone or anything . She's as good as gold , you know ? ", 'Within the next few months -- and long before the next election -- they will have to settle these questions or see the spectre of the Winter of Discontent raised to haunt them by gleeful Conservative politicians . ', 'Hey , guys ! ', 'She was getting agitated . ', ' can you explain me your feelings ?', 'I had to call someone and make an appointment for a conversation. I was very afraid to fail.', 'The loss of my mother.', 'When I gave birth to my son and saw that he was alive and that I had managed it well.  He was born a month too early with a malfunctioning lung.  This happened a year ago.', 'This was when my boyfriend told me that I was double-crossing him with a certain boy.', 'I spent a weekend in San Diego visiting my boyfriend Rob. We were at the airport and my plane was just about so leave. After saying goodbye, I boarded the plane. It was the hardest thing to do and it was a sad trip home.', 'The  will be  into   and it will keep on saying, Is there any  A muslim hell fire.', " Let's get a soft drink . ", 'A friend was unpunctual, we wanted to prepare ourselves for an examination.', 'I was very happy when I passed the B.A with first class marks.', ' Yes , I do . I think that science is making us wiser . What do you think ? ', 'This morning during my sleep I had a feeling that someboby was attacking me.  I started crying in my sleep and then my room-mate woke me up.', ' Use the stairs , never the elevator . ', 'My ex a quadruple hoe!! Sumbodi need to gne stop playin w/ her Lil scary...DA LOUDEST DOG N DA POUND KEEP HIS TAIL TUCKED N HIS ASS!! ', 'On a dark night I felt that there were several people near me and I did not know who they were.', 'A certain Area Party Secretary came home in the morning and said we had to leave our home and build somewhere and the reason being that they wanted to establish a market. The Chairman knew nothing about it and was very angry.', 'Being sexually assulted on a bus.', 'At the age of 16 I had gone to see a film in a nearby village, about 8 kms  from my home.  I started walking as there was no bus.  I had to cross hills and as it was dark I could not identify the path.  Half way through it started raining and as there was no shelter I ran four kms to reach home.', 'When my dog died.  I had reared it for nearly three years.  It had been ill for several days and had not eaten anything.  One morning I found it dead.', 'When I was mistakenly accused of being a thief when I accidently gave a fake coin at a counter.  I realized this before I handed over the coin, but the man called me a thief and called a witness.', 'I sensed this feeling when I passed successfully the second tour of a competition.', ' I have been looking forward to this performance all month . ', " Thank you . But I don't think I'll bother . ", ' Sounds nice . ', 'Hi , Mary , long time no see . ', "But Kirkwood , who was a particularly dejected figure after Monday 's decisive 1-0 defeat by Canada , injected some pride back into Irish ranks in the dying seconds when he flicked home the winner . ", 'My sister came back home and reproached me for not having tidied up the house, although I had been working all morning and she had done nothing.', " Oh , that's new to me . So what's on everyday ? ", ' How much ? ', 'Passing (by car) over a bridge where only one car could pass. There was a precipice on both sides, no protection grilles, and the bridge was completely muddled.', ' Olympus . ', 'He was incensed , stunned , at her action , and stood rigid with anger as he felt the slime roll down his cheek . ', 'Hi , Mr . Wang . Do you feel like going boating with me ? ', 'I was a passenger in a jumbo-jet which was accelerating down the runway and almost at the point of take-off, when the pilot suddenly braked and put the engines into reverse thrust, in an obviously urgent attempt to stop the aircraft. The hostesses show signs of concern and my first thought was that something was on the runway in our path and that we were in danger of hitting it.', 'He was miserable at being left out . ', 'We were at school, in the room for audiovisual classes.  We were watching a film, and just behind me two classmates were bothering me with their mocking and shoves.  I reacted angrily (I suppose)  by hitting one of them.', 'When I missed the chance of becoming a graduate in mining engineering, after having prayed one week in the church I was not even selected.', 'When my grandmother died.', 'A break-up with someone I really liked.', " Yes , that's what I plan to do . Except I won't make the chicken soup.Right now I don't think I could swallow more than a spoonful of it . ", ' How was it ? ', 'When my son was born.', 'When a relative, who had come to our place, created untidyness and dirtyness.', 'A bus drove over my right leg.  The event itself was not very frightening but when I had to wait in the emergency ward for three hours and then my leg began to swell, I was frightened.', 'As he told Barbara afterwards , he had never felt more depressed . ', 'Yesterday I read in the newspaper that a 30 year old woman had abused her 2 month old son and had caused his death.  I was very angry after reading this as this is not a human act and to abuse so fragile a life is not a forgivable sin.', "A neighbour's girl had disappeared and many people were looking for her.  Someone had gone to notify the police.  Something had certainly happened to her.", ' I ’ m looking at my horoscope for this month ! My outlook is very positive . It says that I should take a vacation to someplace exotic , and that I will have a passionate summer fling ! ', 'When my boyfriend wanted to leave me, I felt sad and melancholic.', 'Stupid girl , making me spend so much money , now I have to get it from the ATM ... ', 'My classmate always borrowed my notes and would not return it to me on time.  When I had a test she was selfish and irresponsible and so delayed my studies.', "Children at Wanborough primary school near Swindon are so worried about the hazards they experience on the way to school , they 're calling for a new footpath . ", 'Philip was mad at himself for not taking the cutters off the boy . ', ' See you on Moday . Have a great weekend . ', ' It gives me a lot of pressure and I feel depressed . ', ' Oh , you men ! You are all the same . ', 'My good friend misunderstood me.', "One itemised phone bill to Bedworth 's horrified mother ran to 34 pages of listed calls , the jury heard . ", 'Saiu nos cinemas americanos um remake de The Thing, filme que na minha infância me fez ficar noites sem dormir. ', 'I had an implicit agreement with my sister about meeting her, however she had not understood the situation the same way so she did not turn up.', 'When I saw a man hitting a child of 2 years without any consideration, simply because the child had been leaning against a window.', 'When students in our working group showed no responsibility or interest in our work.', 'When I found my baby whipped by my Auntie. I was really sad and up to this moment my sadness is still on.', 'At work being shifted to another area.', 'A young, close relative of mine died, leaving behind a baby a few months old.', 'Hi , Walter ! ', " I'm pretty sure I'll be all right . In fact , I'd be delighted to come over and celebrate your birthday with you . What time are you planning to start ? ", ' No , you haven ’ t . You just don ’ t care about me . You ’ re an indifferent husband . ', 'When I was about to write my Junior Certificate Exams, I received sad news telling me that my elder sister had passed away.', 'When I had my first boyfriend.', " It's very nice . I haven't heard live music in a while . This is fun . ", 'I feel devastated and it is much worse for my poor mother . " ', 'I came across a friend with whom I had lost touch for a long time.', ' He quit ', ' She must be deaf . ', 'I was in my village when a bull jumped over a fence and started chasing my friends and me.  We were very frightened till we climbed up a tree.', " It's a brick ! I can't believe how stupid I was . Damn it ! ", 'Your brand new car is so excellent . I like it very much . ', "It 's not just health problems they suffer but many people can get really depressed living in houses where they have to keep washing the mould off the walls . ", '` It is that hard , " he said ominously , and I thought of John Maggovertski \'s sadness for a pretty girl who had whored herself to pay for the white powder . ', 'When I passed the last exam, which I had doudts about.', 'Many years ago I saw the film \\Psycho\\" by Hitchcock for the first time. When I saw the film I was alone and afterwards I hardly dared to go to bed and hardly was able to sleep."', ' I guess . ', 'One career wife spoke about her exasperation when her husband listened to her with half an ear as he watched television . ', 'Social situation - at the pub - a close friend of 2 years told the group around us of advances I had made.', ' I can ’ t believe it . I guess I ’ ll be here until 10 again tonight . ', 'I broke up with my boyfriend of seven months, but it was a very indepth relationship and so after feelings of grief and loss were over I felt an immense sadness."', 'When I failed a test at my primary school.  I was then in grade 7 and we were about to take the main exam.', " That's true . My bad for not calling . ", 'After my final examination at school I was glad that the examination was over and that I had passed it.', 'No really strong such emotion. Just falling off to sleep when I caught sight of a 5 cm diameter spider crawling onto the pillow beside me.', 'When I got to know that my father had passed away.', "Just received news that I'm taking on the @OutsideTheBoxPT 400 Rep Challenge tomorrow. Sounds like bedtime for me ", " I'd like to . But I'm not myself today . ", ' Black Rose . ', ' Thirty minutes in gym at lunch time . ', 'His poor scrawny hands grip the arms of a wheelchair pushed by his adoring wife with the now familiar expression of a too-bright smile and devastated eyes . ', 'I neva was da type to bite ma tongue andexplain maself 2 anybdy,none but god.', ' You got it . ', 'To talk in a meeting - expound my thoughts on a subject. Fear delayed me acting to do this.', 'Occured while preparing for a midterm in Social Welfare that I thought was going to be very hard and felt unprepared for.', 'When I nearly collided with another car.', " Thank you.You ' re partial . ", 'When the man I loved decided to leave me forever.', ' You are so paranoid ! Not everybody is a crook , you know . ', 'I just had a terrible week . ', 'When I received my report card in C.O.U.  I was afraid of obtaining low marks, but they were much higher than expected.  ', ' Wow ! ', "My grandfather's funeral.", 'Doisneau is a small , bird-like man with mischievous eyes and a gleeful laugh . ', "Even my father wasn't too pleased about continually having to clean his porch roof , which our residents had covered in droppings and other nest debris . ", 'Third highest grade in the class and the best answer given for one question (the question was graded by the professor and he indicated he liked my answer).', 'Bank customers are notoriously slow to shift their business , even if they are miffed . ', 'How are you ?', 'I am interested in hearing from women about their fascination and horror with cars , especially women in the Yorkshire region . ', ' I think so . ', "When I was locked out of my room by my room-mate's friend.", ' In what ? ', " That's horrible . Was that the first time you'd shown up late to work ? ", 'A man treated his dog very badly - he insulted and beated him until the dog kept lying on the floor with his tail drawn in.', ' How often ? ', '@daShortFry is a bad ass...watch out tweeter world... has come of age #bringthepain', 'One of my colleagues accused me of having stolen his iron and I was sure that I had done no such thing.', "Smiling across the room at Laura 's tall , slender figure , she added , ` Besides , everyone in your office was so pleased at your promotion . ", 'When you are unjustly assessed at something you are sure to have been right.', " That's ok , keep going , you ’ re moving ahead by leaps and bounds . Watch your dynamics ! Keep your elbows lifted . Remember to stroke the keys , don ’ t pound . That ’ s better ! Remember that as a pianist or any ", 'When I got lost in New York city a late friday night with a friend of mine.', 'Misunderstood deliberately by a close friend.', 'When I try to get closer at a person and she misinterpreted me.', 'I have always told hubby I could do FACTOR but after watching a few old episodes......SMDH!', 'Hello ? ', ' Not a problem , sir . Please remember us in the future . ', 'When I see children on T.V from areas devastated by drought and war.', ' Sounds good . What do we need to bring ? ', 'I was afraid when my mother left me alone to live in our house for one month.', " No , Madam . I don't think I do . ", 'The delight at being finally united with Joan was tempered by a feeling of discomfort about Ronnie Leahy . ', '@OfficialPWG was an AMAZING show. Thnx @JoeyRyanOnline @KILLSTEENKILL @daveyrichards83 @theChrisHero and everyone else 4 a great show!', 'I was terrified during an axcursion in Italy. I was lost and left alone in this unfamiliar country.', "The headmistress at a secondary school accused me of banging the classroom door when I didn't in front of the whole class.", 'I remember when I was a child of a storm that made me terribly afraid. I thought that the house was coming down and that in the next day I would be dead. Everybody was awake and I stayed all night in bed without falling asleep.', 'What a mess , Jack ! ', ' Well , I ’ m going to write a letter of complaint . ', 'But Christine felt vexed when at the next Pack Meeting Sarah lost points for the Six through being a slowcoach . ', 'When I went home alone early in the morning, I had to go through a wood.', '` What did you mean , Rachel ? " her mother asked slowly , ignoring her husband \'s indignant look . ', "At the death of my husband's father's mother which occurred during university examinations and therefore I was unable to attend her funeral.", ' About what ? ', 'I went shopping with my parents - my father payed everything for me, I was very glad.', 'Mr C took my drawing pens, without having asked for my permission first, and lost them.  He did not tell me about it till I asked him and then did not try to find them.', ' Is that so ? ', " There wasn't really anything that I could do . There's always been a lot of bad blood between my manager and myself . If I had said anything , he would have fired for me for sure . ", " I'm sure you'll have a good time . ", 'I found a baby opposum on the road and took it home and cared for it for a week. It had to be force-fed and carried in a fur pouch under my jersey. My father had the vet put it to sleep as he said they carried diseases.', ' Don ’ t worry about it , I ’ ll call my friend and have him take care of it . I can ’ t believe he was stalking you all these years . What a nut job ! ', ' really ? It sounds interesting . ', 'When I get a hug from someone I love.', ' Huh ? ', "When a very close friend with whom I have a very intimate and bodily relationship (he had a girlfriend) started to avoid me and didn't want to talk to me any more.", " What ? You're overcharging me ! ", ' Then my son drove into a tree ', 'As we were going to Area 10 a dog chased me. I was afraid it might bite me.', " it was . The hijackers didn't have any respect for human life not even their own . ", 'We were pleased to see the Canadians do so well in the World Cup after they had beaten us over there " ! ', ' Great . ', 'Getting terrible meals, but paying heaps for them.', 'When I heard the news that my grandfather had died.', ' Yes . ', 'Getting a letter from a friend who did not write for a long time.', 'I felt very angry when a mishanga seller robbed me of the transport money I had to go to school.', 'Giving this a try.. No owl lamp #sleeptweet', 'Labour supporters must be in despair at not being able to race away from the Tories in the run up to the election . ', 'Do you love me ?', ' At five . ', 'Through some unexplained process , magnetic fields produced by the electric currents flowing in the cables seem to induce , say the depressives , the darkest feelings of gloom and despondency . ', ' Yeas , when will you buy a house ? ', 'I had a summer job in Sweden, and my boyfriend came to meet me on my birthday.', 'I was spending the week-end with some friends.  We were waiting for another friend and we went to the meet him at the bus stop, a  woman we met there told us that the coach had already left.  I was afraid that I would not see my friend, but at last we found him.', 'A friend of mine told me that my boyfriend had been with another girl this Summer.  We had been going out together for four years and we had not done so for the last three months.  I could not believe it.', 'When my girlfriend was afraid and anxious the day before taking her exam.', '  #Regrets - leave it all behind and enjoy life InshAllah!', "He didn't seem offended , he didn't exactly appear contrite . ", ' If only I could join it ! ', 'I lost my way on a trip in the mountains.', ' Not funny . ', 'Being refused to attend the neuropsychology lecture in the medical university.', '@fmpundit, i will play in 4º Wales division, ', 'I was skiing with friends and they wanted to ski-jump. I did not want to be left behind, so I braced myself and followed them.', "What are we going to do ? I can't get the car out of this ditch . I'm stuck ! ", 'My friend Jean is very beautiful . ', 'Rachel could see the reasoning behind that , but nevertheless felt angry towards Damian Flint -- not because he had so obviously done the right thing , but because he was so clearly in complete control of a situation that had always been beyond Rachel . ', '` The popular story is that he was so heartbroken he ran off to join a religious order , and has since been ordained . " ', 'During military service a superior reproached me unjustly. This led to friction in a lot of situations.', 'My class winning against another class in a football match.', 'A friend of mine travelled very far. I miss her but feel joy too because fer life is taking the right direction as she wants. So I feel joy for her mainly.', ' Hi honey ! What ’ s wrong ? Why do you have that look on your face ? ', "I'm afraid of not being able to go to the school I want because of suffering grades.", ' $ 5,900 . ', "I had to terminate a training because I wasn't suited for it. I was very sad about this, because I very much wanted to finish that training.", ' Yes . ', ' Why not ? ', 'Merrill laughed at her dejection . ', "Town 's fans are angry at losing the club 's leading scorer . ", 'The last time I felt it was when I was coming home late at night.', ' So ? ', 'When abroad, while driving a car along a dark, winding road.', ' Yeah . ', 'This causes considerable annoyance to the Germans , who find themselves being forced to speak English and say that they will settle the matter ` by decree " . ', 'Stephanie ! Did you just get to school ? But you were up and about when I left the dorm this morning ! That was about an hour and a half ago . This happens all the time ! Why do you always take so long to get ready the morning ? ', ' Any more ? ', 'Perhaps the mural makes it new , so shamelessly bright upon the wall like something spilt , and the restless assortment of weekend patrons who watch the stage with agitated and expectant eyes . ', 'Behind the front door hovered a small and wiry man who appeared greatly agitated and whose polished bald head was flushed and sweating profusely in spite of the cold . ', ' Poor guy . ', 'When I was selected to a University College of Nursing.', ' Oh , I see . ', 'When I was accepted as a student at the college, not having thought it possible.', 'I received a wedding invitation from an ex-flatmate, enclosed was a small note that overcame a lot of the differences that had arisen between us due to the circumstances in which she left the flat.', 'A female classmate was always late for meetings which were for the homework and not social gatherings.  We were very busy and the deadline was close but we had to waste half an hour or an hour waiting for her as we could do nothing else then.', " No , Madam . I don't think I do . ", " No , I just for fun with my friends . We play two hand touch or flag football . We're too old to play tackle football . ", 'I was alone at home, a man forced the front door which was locked, forced and tried to open a window.', 'not afraid of tomorrow, for I have seen yesterday and I love today #less', 'are you in love with me ?', 'At night when I was coming from Lingadzi Inn I heard a hyena crying in the Lingadzi jungle. I was alone.', ' Well , have a great time ! ', 'Cowed , he stiffened his stance , his eyes slightly downcast . ', ' I ’ m not looking for excuses here . I just want to get this finished on time ! ', 'When I failed two subjects last year.', 'Ralf the pedlar stood in the centre of the drawbridge , a pleased smile stretching from ear to ear . ', 'My fianceleft me for my best friend.', "When my brother-in-law's brother stole my clothes when my brother-in-law and I had gone to cut wood for the fire.", "If she didn't know him better , she would have said he was cross with her . ", 'On the cliff by the sea, the silence and the sudden voice of a bird.(swans of the bay)', ' Is it ? ', 'I had been in love with a certain young man who pretended to love me but one day I found out that he had another girlfriend who was also a friend of mine.', 'When I read the diary of the girl with whom I was living, it was about another boy with whom she had been going around some time back.', 'When a friend and me played a joke on our boyfriends.  Her boyfriend came up and accused me of having planned the whole thing and said that I did not deserve my boyfriend.  He embarassed me in front of a crowd.', " I'm sorry man . I didn't know . I didn't mean to screw anything up . ", 'When, for example, I was in my eleventh school year and I learned I had been classed for the Bulgarian Language and Literature National Olympiad.', 'They were delighted with the turnout of spectators and the general organisations by local authorities . ', ' That wouldn ’ t be a lie ! ', ' I want to have a picnic with my friends , Mum . ', 'I am ecstatic about this , it is like winning my first cap not my 23rd . " ', "He looks offended when I tell him he is perceived as a man 's man . ", "Did well in an exam just before my father's birthday: the best present I can give to my father.", '` Are you telling me you were concerned for my soul ? " she mocked . ', 'When I played in a chess championship, I was disturbed by other people. I asked them to be quiet, but in vain.', ' Who is he marring ? ', 'If this happened they would be terror-stricken . ', 'Receiving understanding from within self of a subject I had previously wished to understand better.', " Isn't there anything that sounds fishy ? ", 'The day the Real Madrid team of basket ball qualified for the final at Athens.', 'The breaking up of a long lasting relationship.', ' is an  that one’s #penis will withdraw into ones abdomen, seen only in Malaya and other regions of southern #Asia.&#xA;.', ' By plane . ', "She had assumed that because mother hadn't wept or shown grief that her father hadn't been loved by anyone but herself and her father 's parents , who wept copiously . ", ' Of course . ', ' This one . ', 'John had been moved to Norfolk and promoted to Corporal and he wrote to Anne nearly every day , loving letters which helped to make her grief for her mother more bearable . ', "Had a coffee about 2 hours ago and I'm coming up like a bastard with the and jitters now! Need 2 naggins to calm me down !!!", ' It ’ s infuriating . I have to be in Rome by five . ', 'My joy knew no bounds when I was selected for a job even before having finished my studies.', 'Anger at doctors for their treatment of me after giving birth. They left part of placenta behind and I bled heavily for twelve weeks - due to this, I felt weak and emotional, and they said I needed psychiatric treatment and give me no support.', 'Fighting with class mates in Highschool.', ' Thank you . ', 'When I was told that my daughter, who is at a boarding school, was very ill and that they needed me there the same day.', " It's interesting , I like being an editor . ", ' A man robbed me today . ', ' Can you tell me why you like it ? ', ' Of course , I like . ', '` We feel very strongly about that and that the law should be changed for future children , so that they should be spared the anguish of separation and no contact at all . " ', 'But , not surprisingly , many parents continue to feel anxious , tense and sad about their children . ', 'He was angry about class , hypocrisy and the establishment . ', 'My grandmother died over the summer. I knew her very well, she baked great biscuits. She was in the hospital but expected to improve and go home soon. She died in her sleep.', ' Let me see . How about 6:30 at the gate of the club ? ', 'When I failed my Standard 8 Examination for the first time.', ' And Lisa . ', '` I was so mad when your father tried to twist my arm . ', 'I caught a huge eel on a fishing line which I had pulled into the boat. I cut the line and threw the whole lot back into the water. Later that day and about ten miles away I went swimming and someone made the comment wondering how far eels could swim, I abruptly ended swimming for fear at an unseen eel for a few days until we had left the district.', 'When a student of mine (at music) performed and played remarkably well.', ' I want to take them to court . ', 'In the end , the poems must be read as expressions of sheer delight in friendship . ', 'Loneliness, being uncertain of myself in the Autumn.', "Listening to the opening bars of Tchaikovsdy's symphony No.2 fourth movement at my sister's wedding.", ' May I ask you for a dance ? ', 'When my mother died.', " I'm afraid you can't . You'll have to go out there and walk around . ", ' I wish he could understand . You know what , if this goes on , I think I will get stick like everybody else . ', 'When my present boyfriend asked me initially to go out with him I had waited a long time for this to occur.', 'During a dance someone slashed my tires and dumped paint on my car. I had four other friends with me that I drove and furthermore it was raining.', 'That a friend had been badly beaten and stabbed many times and the person that did it got away without any punishment from the law.', ' no , why ? ', ' That maybe true , and I for one don ’ t want to see anyone lose their job , but how can these Ces ask for a bailout when they ’ re making millions of dollars ? And then , they have the nerve to fly to Washington in private jets ! This costs hundreds of thousands of dollars ! And they ’ re asking for money ! That is just not right ! ', 'Death of paternal grandmother to whom I was very close - died of cancer.', ' Well , the air line lost my luggage on the return flight and then I lost my carry on bag when I was tackling with the officers in charge . I left the airport three hours later than I expected and then I was caught in a traffic jam . When I finally got home , I was totally exhausted . But I found the elevator was out of service due to a blackout . ', 'I ’ m so excited , mother . Oh , a new baby ! ', 'My old teacher in primary school died.', 'How are you feeling', 'My parents scolded me a lot for something I had not done.  It was my sister who had done it.', 'At work, when an elderly man complained unjustifiably about me and distrusted me.', ' That was my line , Mark . I know we worked on the ad together , but that was definitely my line . ', 'When I quarelled with my parents.', 'I was playing with friends then I decided to splash some sand into a car which was moving nearby. The driver got angry and came to report to my parents.', 'Perhaps only she knows the journey he has made , from the cocky Jack-the-lad who neglected the discipline of academic study for the raw excitement of Left-wing politics to the measured politician with an answer for everyone . ', 'When I was called for an Interview at Kamuzu College of Nursing.', 'When my girlfriend told me that she wanted to leave me.', 'I was walking on a street alone in the afternoon when there were not too many people on the street.  A couple of guys were following me and I was ignoring them.  Suddenly one of them came in front of me and started using dirty language and harrassing me.  I got very angry and wanted to strike back at them.', 'I was afraid of moving away from home and moving to Helsinki for my studies.', 'I stopped working (had a boring job).', 'I could not meet my love, after having waited for a month, due to illness.', 'When my tennis match was interrupted because a kid cycled right into the court.', "I was afraid before I went to the doctor's.", ' To be honest , it was horrible ! My manager is such a pain in the neck ! ', 'I was annoyed this particular day as it seemad that the odds were not in my favour.  My grandfather added fuel to the fire, when I  had an important appointment so I unleashed my anger on him.', 'A dejected David Mellor , of the Royal Bank , told the magazine Doctor : ` I was led to believe it wasn\'t an appropriate venue for a bank representative . " ', 'When I was back home after a long time, meeting beloved people and close friends.', " I 'll have the use of a locker at the airport   she trailed off with a despondent sigh . ", "No-one could have told from his face that he was absolutely livid with Sukey , but he didn't want a row , which would upset Daisy and gee Perdita up before the interview . ", 'Paddington grew more and more excited as he listened . ', 'I had failed some subjects in mathematics.', 'I felt happy at the end of a 10 day student camp.  We had shared our hopes and aspirations and in the open situation so generated, we had made strong frienships and experienced our own worth as well.  ', ' Medium . ', 'The new computer software is driving me crazy ! I really need a break ! ', ' I understand . ', ' I really want to take him over my knee . ', "I broke my Uncle's Radio player accidentally and so I feared that he was going to cut me off from going to his house as well as playing it again.", 'When I was left by the person I loved without any reason.', 'During my Summer vacations I planned a carnival for the community youth center with a few other volunteers.  I was the head of the organizors and we spent over a month planning it.  During this period we got to know and understood each other.  We discovered each others potential and we planned many interesting things for the carnival.  The day of the carnival everything was bright, the programmes went well and the attendants enjoyed it.  I felt extremely excited about it.', ' Steven ! What ’ s going on ! Who were those guys ? I didn ’ t know you have a gun ! What ’ s going on ! ', 'When one meets new people with whom one is forced to collaborate with.', 'Some of us contemplate this prospect with horror . ', ' Bye ! ', ' OK . ', ' You are really tough . You got a deal . ', "Wheeler 's fine face flushed with annoyance and he laughed . ", "I want to improve my handwriting , and I've practiced it for several weeks , but nothing happened . You see , my handwriting is still bad . ", 'I felt sad when I was despised by another person.', 'She sounded a little low spirited . ', 'The joy came when I first proposed a girl at Secondary School.', 'During my first week in Graz I met a girl who I had got to know in the train from Amsterdam to Graz. Although I had considered her very sympathetic, we had seperated without changing our adresses.', ' Well , yes . Several colleagues from different departments helped me with that . They are very supportive . I consulted an economic expert last week . He was very kind to give valuable suggestions . ', " Now he's looking over here ! He's coming ! ", " I'm from Chicago . ", ' go ahead . ', 'Getting back with my boyfriend after a year away - apart.', ' So are you . ', 'I was elated , excited , in another world . ', " I'll be there on time . ", 'Hi , Fanny . ', 'Three hour grammar final in half an hour. ', 'I experience this emotion quite often but the day I was most angry was the day I got pulled up for something I had not done.  It happened during my school days, I had not spoken a word in class but the monitor had written my name on the board.  So I had a remark in my callender which I had to get signed by my parents.  This remark resulted in me being spanked.', " OK , I'll meet you there . ", 'Hi . I just lost my purse when I was shopping on the street . I guess somebody stole it from me . ', ' Yeah . ', 'When my grandmother passed away.', 'To only a few had he been the devil who gloated over their private grief . ', ' I ’ m awfully sorry to hear that . I ’ ll turn to it right away . ', 'One night I had a very good conversation with two friends. I then realized how worthy they were for me and how happy I was to have them as friends.', 'I imagined I heard footsteps up the hall while sleeping in bed one night by myself in the house.', "When our cat was killed in a car-accident I was very angry at the driver of the car because he didn't take enough care.", "This man introduced me to an agent who didn't look all that excited to see me and was only obliging a friend . ", ' Sorry , our prices are set . ', 'That was still the kind of work that I wanted to do , and if I thought very much a comprehensive schools it was in a spirit of mild disquiet . ', " Of course not . I'm afraid of them . ", 'When I found out that I had failed to pass my exams during the term by one point.  The fact that exactly the same thing had happened last term did not help.', 'When I got a small present form a person I like very much.', ' Why ? ', ' Yes . ', ' No problem . ', 'Just before I started my study I had to move, I was very afraid to be left alone and that I could not manage it.', " i think i'll be a little afraid . ", 'Apparently the RLD was not aware of the details of the Vanguard accident at that time , but the subsequent publication of the report on the accident should have reinforced their disquiet . ', ' What ? ', 'A gang of screaming and drunk youths \\captured\\" a tram."', 'Now that he was committed to a course of action he felt exhilarated . ', 'When, after a long time of searching I got my first job.', 'tell me something about you', 'And know I pop bottles because I bottle my emotions.. At least I put it all in the open.. ', " Sure.Hey , I'm sorry , but I've got to get going . ", ' right now ? ', " I'm very sorry to have caused you this trouble . ", 'Being sexually assulted on a bus and noone helped (people only laughed).', 'I was at home and we were sleeping when we heard some robbers breaking into our house.', "A friend doesn't let me study when I want to. She doesn't feel I need to study and doesn't understand how important studying is to me. I get very angry with her.", 'When I unexpectedly received birthday greetings from a person I like.', 'I felt sad when my boyfriend and I were apart for some time.', 'She gave him a quick amused glance , her head leaning back against the faded red of the alcove seat . ', ' What ? ', "Enrolling at varsity, being told I couldn't get in to certain papers.", "When my neighbour's life was threatened by someone who was trying to break into his house.", 'A person walking his dog allowed it to defecate on the footpath outside my house. Although it had happened before, this was the first time I had witnessed it. All the skills I had learnt from PY 263 were thrown out the window when his indifference to my protestation was obvious to me.', "I had an appointment with someone at a certain time. The other person didn't appear.", 'The sports fishermen who catch gulls instead of fish with their hooks.   It is often a mistake but it makes me angry.', ' I want to file a complaint . ', 'I was waiting behind a car which was going to leave the parking place, because I wanted to park my car there. Because of uncoming traffic I had to wait for a short time - another driver placed his car on the place.', ' I hope so . ', 'I fear before each exam.', 'It was when I discovered that my boyfriend had another girl. I discovered it through a letter he wrote to the girl when he was away. When I asked him he accepted it.', 'Seeing for the first time pictures about the so called \\treatment\\" of Jewish people in Nazi Germany during World War II."', ' Take care and give my best to you parents . ', 'I hate the Dentist...With a passion...', 'When I worked as an \\au-pair-girl\\" in London, I received a call from a good friend who told me that she was in London too and wanted to see me. I was very glad - after that call and especially when I saw her."', 'My mother treated me unjustly as if I was a little child. I said mean things. I was unable to defend myself adequately.', 'When someone chased me from his house.', 'I had worked long and hard on a project when a friend inadvertantly destroyed it. I could not forgive him for a long time. And at times still get angry at him.', ' Like what ? ', ' That ’ s great , because it uses natural materials rather than ones that scientists make themselves . I prefer natural remedies to man-made ones . ', '@rAguC is the greatest threat. if #TN reduces watr lvl by 120, half worries off. #tooSelfishforaction', 'His face was livid , and his hand had clapped to his sword . ', 'I had a good relationship with two friends. Once without reason, they clearly showed that they thought I was naive, dull and unable to take care for myself, while I expostulated that I could manage things.', 'What a contrast with the rattled and untrustworthy gamblers at Number 10 and Number 11 Downing Street . ', ' You often like comparing children with their parents . ', " I know . But I just can't stand her butting in when I was trying to emphasize a point . ", 'The death of a close relative.', 'When a person whom I had invited did not come on the appointed day and time.', 'When I lost my father on the 25th of September,1970.  He died of a sore on the leg.', " I'm sorry , Lucy . I'm afraid that I can't get up . ", " I let you down . I'll make it up to you somehow . ", 'But today , the Oxford University Sports Director was furious at her exclusion . ', " I'm going to graduate this summer . ", 'My best friend got married and left her home-town to go and live in Poona.  After her wedding I felt sad.', 'One day I had sunned my favourite shirt and was putting it back in the wardrobe when my younger brother snatched it from me and wore it.  He had not had a bath and was very dirty.  I scolded him but he answered back and locked himself up in a room.  I was very angry so I starteed kicking on the door and abusing him loudly and freely.', "Without the employer's knowledge and even without any communication their bank accounts were changed and their personal accounts closed.", "The fact that I hadn't been informed about something and I had the greatest trust in this person.", 'Have you got any hobbies ? ', ' Promise ? ', 'In 1986 the local authority became concerned about injuries which D had sustained and they obtained a place of safety order . ', 'I had lost the excitement of the first Ramble to the Trossachs which had all been new territory . ', '”fuck all ya we ignore feelings here...im never actually m alone I just always feel alone ” ', 'He looked so crestfallen Preston felt sorry for him . ', 'When it was found that I had gone out of the school premises without permisssion and at the wrong time.', 'Lmao. Cute. RT @ThaMagicTouch: The thingy is kinda cute tho RT @Thee_Tyson: RT @AliHMirza: #FEAR = Forget Everything and Rap...', " I'm sorry to hear it . What's wrong with her ? ", ' I agree with you in the sense . But we ’ re all more miserable than ever , aren ’ t we ? ', 'I was in the living room at home with an ex-boyfriend, it was nearly a year that we had separated, during the talk he began to remember our courting and gave me a long kiss.', ' What ? A fire ? Oh , my God ! What shall I do ? Please get me out of here ! ', " Oh , come on ! Failure is the mother of success . Don ’ t lose heart . I'm sure you'll succeed . ", ' Egg ! I told you about it last week ! Smelly Toes is playing , and Eric asked if I would go with him ! ', 'When my kid brother broke my reading spectacles.', ' Is that the large , white building ? ', 'He was furious with me for ringing him . ', 'Tell me something about yourself', 'The elite were offended , but the common people loved it . ', "Tabitha Campbell-Black was livid because she won a bag of Bailey 's Performance Mix horse feed rather than a T-shirt with a picture of a polo pony on the front . ", 'A girl I love does not love me.', 'She stopped , horrified at what she had been about to say . ', "When I couldn't find my dog which was missing.", "You'v been work here for nearly a month , how do you feel about the job ? ", "If they force me to eat something I don't like. For example, my parents always twaddle and whine, when I don't eat all the food.", ' Alright . ', 'A friend of mine who was driving a car ahead of me died in a car accident.', 'Never before had Bodmin seen so many faces  and so many happy faces all at one time ! ', 'Hi , Kenji . ', 'I had an accident in which I hurt my eye.  I was afraid of having injured it badly.', 'One of my best friends accused me of giving up to early on problems. It was only a casual remark on her side, but I was angry and hurt.', 'I entrusted a friend with the delivery of some money to my father, however he misused the money.', " Shut up ! Now you are in my car , you should listen to me . Or you can get off . I've told you I'm in a hurry . I don't want to waste time on the road . ", 'When I was at school, no one thought I could pass my MCE so at the end of the year my name was announced on the radio that I had passed. I was the happiest person.', ' it ’ s definitely my mother . And , her mother is definitely the matriarch of the bigger family . ', 'Something was stolen.', 'Hi, can you tell me something about yourself?', ' And ? ', " If you want to cross here , be my guest . I don't feel like dodging cars and scooters ! ", " Don't mention it . The thesis due date is coming , but my thesis isn't even close to being done . ", 'A very good friend of mine had been away for three months. When we met again, we ran up to each other and embraced.', 'The Lancashire members were furious when they heard that Gooch and the other England selectors had axed Red Rose favourite Phil DeFreitas , preferring Essex pacemen Neil Foster and Mark Ilott . ', 'When I learnt that I had been accepted at university.', ' Easy ? Ha ! ! It was easy for them to cheat you ! ! ', 'I get angry with my brothers and sisters when they do something that I do not like.  They know this and still do it so as to tease me.', 'I sensed a strong feeling of joy when in the plant, at my working place, I got a message that I was admitted as full time student at the Higher Agricultural Institute.', "Anybody who swears allegiance to United must share the same sense of dismay at what has happened , and what is still going on -- for me , it 's almost a sense of revulsion . ", " I'll pick you up around 8: 00 . ", 'Finding myself alone in a public toilet block with a man known to have had great psychological disturbances.', ' Why not ? ', ' It was ! But the worst thing was I tore my best shirt . ', 'For my part , I feel elated and close to tears . ', 'Hey, how are you today?', ' You got me . ', ' Why not ? ', 'When I deeply felt that I could lose the person I love best because of my foolishness.', 'It is high time you have a talk with him . That may help clear the mists . ', 'It was about a fortnight ago, I was declared successful in the U.G.C exam this year (only four in Bombay succeeded).  My joy knew no bounds.', " Peter ! Pack them . Don't read them . ", " Ok , let's go . ", ' unfortunately not . He was charged with a DUI when he was in university . ', ' Oh , thanks a lot . ', 'I have climbed it from all sides , every time making new discoveries , finding new surprises and delights and , let me confess , secret places from which I have recoiled in horror . ', " Very well . If I leave I'll miss you . ", ' And then ? ', ' I am feeling happy', ' Go ahead . ', 'Getting lost in a strange place.', 'Being hooted at when I was learning to drive.', ' This one ? ', 'When I was at home alone, I felt a super-natural force, dangerous for me and the people close to me.', 'I was quite sad to hear my right hon. Friend the Minister of Agriculture , Fisheries and Food say that he was prepared to sit in the negotiations for months . ', "When my father suffered with dizziness. He had to be hospitalized, because the physician didn't know what was wrong. Because his stools were black, I thought it could be cancer.", ' Well , I feel a little tired . ', 'When my boyfriend and I made up.', 'Bulgaria won a football match against France.', " You won't play online games full of violence , will you ? ", ' I was told my girlfriend was speaking ill of me . That ’ s a real let-down . ', 'My dog of 16 and 1/2 years - \\Lord Grey\\" died in his sleep - His death caused me more and deeper sadness than I thought."', 'After a meeting ended we started talking about when we would have the next discussion ( I had many tests the coming week and could not have a meeting in between, I thought that they would understand this as they had always done).  They did not understand my problem and thought that I should not have so many other activities.  Their reaction made me burst into tears.', ' I hope so . ', "When I realized that the person I was courting hadn't been really by my side for a long time already. He had deceived me and I let him deceive me.", 'I was alone and someone tried to break in from our back door.', "Hi , Charles . What's the matter ? ", 'Why am I being arrested ? ', ' What ? ', ' The beauty under the tree ? ', ' I am feeling super', ' Thanks for stopping by ! ', ' You have a perfect taste ! ', " Nothing smells a rat . I told you that he's an all-right guy . ", ' Sink ? ', " Oh , that's right . You are supposed to deliver a brief on that account tomorrow . I know there are some things I need to share with you about that . But , gosh , I don't know ... Things are really busy for me today , the only time I can manage to squeeze out might be over lunch break ... ", 'Charles was horrified , conscious that his brother was now disqualified as a man of God from leading an invasion , and , as a celibate , from having a legitimate heir . ', ' Is it nice ? ', 'A friend had promised to call me at a certain time. I expected his call impatiently but in vain.', 'Walking in the dark I saw something strange.', ' Yes , it was the kind of perfect plastic wrap that comes with new products.Look , it even had a bar-code price sticker on it ! It looked brand new . ', ' It seems that I have nothing to do , except this . ', 'My girl-friend did not understand me; I was angry with myself because I had problems when we seperated - I could not resign myself to it.', 'At the moment when I heard the result of an examination and it proved that I succeeded the second year of my study.', 'Every time I imagine that someone I love or I could contact a serious illness, even death.', ' Last year he helped me out of trouble , too . ', 'When a girl I wanted very much, said \\yes\\" and fell in love with  me."', 'Bang on cue , she strode out on to the stage , feeling none of the terror that had crippled her last performance , the excited cheers of the children bringing a beaming smile to her face . ', "When I was trying for a girl who I really liked and cared for and thought she felt the same way too. But she didn't like the idea and just wanted to stay friends.", 'It was when I stepped on a python (snake) unknowingly while it was sleeping near a baobab tree.', "` Lee and Ian have shown they have what it takes to earn first-year professional terms and I 'm delighted they 've agreed to join us . ", 'Before going to the dentist.', ' Yes . And they don ’ t give you very much either . I ’ m still hungry . ', 'A girlfriend ended our relationship in an abrupt and unexpected manner.', 'It is true that the wonderful advance of our people  has transformed the wilderness into a home where men and women can live comfortably , elegantly , happily , if they are of contented disposition ', 'When going out I am threatened regularly by two punk-girls.', 'When, after drinking a glass of water, I found a cockroach walking out of the glass.', 'Jack wonders whether Linda likes him or not . ', ' Yes . ', "People think I've changed, just cause my appeal has grown. @Drake &gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;", 'In May 18th, 1984 my boyfriend went to the U.S.A. In December I was told he passed away. He had cancer of the Oesophagus.', ' Thanks for the invitation . I will ! ', 'Never run away from your problem face them face to face cause so they will catch and never let goo... RIP Jane Kane', 'When I had been obviously unjustly treated and had no possibility of elucidating this.', ' Maybe not , thank you all the same then . ', 'I was so sick that my relatives thought that I was bewitched.  I felt like dying.', '` He didn\'t seem too delighted to see you , " said Betty . ', ' Come over and visit when you have time . ', 'He felt a wave of exasperation rise within him . ', 'My son has really taken it out of me . He never keeps out of mischief . ', ' Thank you . ', ' Perfect . It really hits the spot . ', ' That is absolutely incorrect ! I was out on the town Monday night . ', 'When I was jumped by three men in a deserted area.', ' Terrible . ', " Yeah , I am very impressed with Tom Hanks ' performance in the movie . ", 'The shooting started and we all lay down to protect ourselves from the flying bullets.  This incident occured on our way to Feira, during the Zambia army patrols in the Rhodesia war.', 'When I left my part-time job.', 'When I talk to my friends.', ' You should feel shameful for your behavior . ', 'When my son was diagnosed as having CEREBRAL PALSY, at age 5. He would have to endure so much labelling, stigma and discrimination, even though his case was relatively mild.', 'I was walking through a thick forest and there was a big snake at a distance of about four metres.', "` Well , you 're very sad , Tess , and you have no reason to be . ", ' Oh , is it ? ', 'Michael Stein was trying unsuccessfully to calm an irate customer who was arguing about his bill . ', 'Surely someone somewhere knows who killed Ann Heron and that person could ease the pain for her heartbroken family . ', 'When I was selected to start Form I at Chilumba Secondary School out of the 100 pupils I was among the 4 who were successful. Family History showed that I had done better than all my brothers who had passed after repeating for several times.', " He said not to bother coming back . And I said , fine , I won't . ", " It's hot . ", ' Can you help me ? You know I do need the scholarship . ', ' Okay . ', 'When, to my surprise, I got to know about having got \\very good\\" high school graduation marks."', ' But Mom ! Today we ’ re playing football ! I love football ! ', ' What ’ s wrong with that ? Cigarette is the thing I go crazy for . ', " Oh , this is terrible , Yuri . Terrible ! So we can't even assess the damages . How can we do business in this country ? Either we're buried under mud , or we're in danger of getting kidnapped.No , I can't believe this mess ! ", " Don't you dare tell me that ... ", 'I had a little cat which was very sick. As I liked it very much I went to a veterinary with it. He told me how to tend it and it really recovered its health. Everybody said that I had saved its life.', ' It was a few things . The first thing that happened was that we were supposed to go out for a romantic dinner for our one year anniversary , but she stood me up ! ', " I'm afraid I'm going to the gym for a workout . ", " Yeah , oh my god ! It's still there . We have our first date right on there . ", ' Certainly . ', 'Because of a conflict with my parents there was a possibility to interrupt my studies.', 'Untidy work led to rows , rows led to confrontation , confrontation led to the boy being soundly thrashed by his exasperated mother . ', 'Hi , Kate . ', ' OK . ', 'The sudden death of one of my parents.', 'The house was on fire, and I was saved by the dog. I am afraid of the fire, verging on panic.', ' Late night ? ', 'After the verdict on Monday , an indignant Cannes president Alain Pedretti described it as ` scandalous " . ', 'A few months later Gough Whitlam brought the Australian Army home but it is said that for those who experienced the horrors , each one left a little piece of themselves out in Viet . ', ' Yes ? ', " I don't need your help , jerk . ", ' How much ? ', 'When I got my results - I had passed the form III exams.  I had not expected to do so well.', ' definitely . ', " We've never sold this much before , our growth this year has been phenomenal . We have captured 8 % of the market , up from last year by 120 % . Our strategy is working ! ", 'I was attacked, standing in a doorway, by a pack of 5 dogs, alsatians and farm dogs with my escape route blocked by a shut fence.', ' Oh , great ! I hope I can spend this Spring Festival with you here in Beijing . ', ' You mean the line over there of about 200 people ? ! ', 'I went home and visited with my family and friends.', "He had understood James 's despair at the enormity of the ruin , but not what the loss of Edward was already meaning . ", ' I know what you mean . I could use a vacation myself . ', ' I will be hanged if I lying . ', 'Of all the journalists who made the pilgrimage to Dovercourt , the team from the BBC caused the greatest excitement . ', 'Going to a concert.', 'Joy for me is when all my family gather around home for special occasions as Christmas etc. It really gives me joy to see my family and relatives and to observe natures productivity process which have been going on for centuries.', ' Ok . See you tomorrow . ', 'Recent break-up with my girlfriend. We had been together for over a year. I was overseas and discovered over the phone (while I was at work).', 'After an operation I had to stay in bed for a long time.', 'Both are designed to convince the readership of the horror of the subject-matter . ', 'If there were no  to hide behind I wonder if the  would cause some people to destroy themselves with ', 'When I was six years old, my favourite cat died.', 'Someone told a lie that I had stolen his money.', "My class leader told me the university won't let all of us go to your lectures because we are not All English Class.", 'When in an economic crisis I got an unexpected sum of money.', "Unfortunately Chris 's health suffered , and she became very depressed . ", 'While studying chemistry with a friend we became angry with eachother because we were both fed up.', 'When my gradmother died.  I felt very sad then ... The feeling started to be worse after a while.', " I'm planning to return to China after graduation . ", " But what about settling down to start a family ? Doesn't anyone want to get married any more ? ", '@JayOwen8 players like jay over there, pinch, punch, grab your conkers, twist nipples and pull hairs they looked over at u in horror ', ' Pardon ? ', 'A group of thirty or forty downcast men stood apart in the canter of thin ring , their heads and arms hanging slack in attitudes of despair . ', 'It happened in a tram: some older people started to grumble about the young people just because I had not immediately left my seat to them.', 'When I was sick my husband bought me a piece of cake.', " Oh , well , I looked around . There wasn't any other space . I waited a while and nobody came . I'm sorry if I've taken your place . ", 'Meanwhile the flood of letters of a very different sort from anxious Hong Kong citizens to this and every other newspaper office continues . ', " Sorry , Sally , it's not your fault . ", " Oh , I'm sorry . I didn't see the stop sign at the corner . I didn't mean it . ", " I know . I've even worked up a sweat . ", 'A and I were walking along the new Asia stairway to the Chung Chi college for our lecture and I saw him with her.  He put one arm around her shoulder and laugher brightly and joyfully.  I did not dare and did not want to look, just walked by them quickly.  The interest of talking to A disappeared and I just wanted to remain silent.  But I did not want A to know and so I left him and went to F.  I should have expected this to happen.', 'I went to fetch my girl-friend at the station. When the train arrived and I saw her descending and running up to me, I felt glad.', ' Tomorrow . ', " How's that ? ", ' Oh where was that ? ', ' Very sorry that I have caused you so much trouble . ', 'This happened when I was in the 10th standard.  The paddy crops were in a bad shape as it had not rained and there was no water in the well, so I was in a very sad mood.  I came to the conclusion that I would ignore the paddy field, just 12 hours after this it rained for one hour.  This was a very tense time and the rain brought me tremendous pleasure.', "Everything's gone wrong . ", ' Wow . ', "I'm really fed up with Larry ! He's the biggest airhead I've ever met.He always makes careless mistakes , and he's a pain to work with . ", 'I went to see the entrance examination results at university.  I rejoyced at my success.', 'My examination results were not satisfactory even though I had tried my best.  Then I started wondering about my abilities for the major subject.  However I did not know how to choose my major subject if I were to change it.', 'Our amusement at his false assumption seemed to ease the tension between us . ', ' A couple of days ago . I just go back from the funeral . ', 'Same situation as before - having my car stolen.', 'I was admitted to the University and a niece was born to me.', ' why ? ', " Let me go to school , please ! I'm sick of medicine , sick of soup , and sick of being sick ! ", 'Death of a close friend.', 'When I slept for the first time all alone in the house where I live now. A man phoned me at 2.00 am. He wanted something from me. I was afraid.', 'Aticle published.', 'The death of my grandmother.', ' Why ? ', " OK . I'll try a Pinto . I want to rent a car for one week . ", "Relatives often carry enormous personal burdens , for example , the grief of losing a child 's expected bright future , or the tragic decline into senility of a loved companion . ", 'One night I was called and told that the father of a close friend died. When I visited my friend at home and when attending the funeral I felt very sad.', 'Elaine exclaimed , her delight evident as she entered the open-plan living- and dining-room decorated in a fresh lemon and blue fabric which Christina had chosen . ', 'I had a date with my girlfriend, the time and place had not been fixed.  I asked her to phone me an hour later as it was midnight and I did not want to disturb her family.  I waited several hours for her call, she did not call me that night.', 'When, for example, I was not approved to continue my studies at the Moscow University, no matter that I had the highest marks and in general the best records of all the candidates.', " I just started , but the job market is very bad right now . I'm not optimistic about it . ", 'When my father was ill.', ' I heard through the grapevine that your getting married . ', ' The radio has too many comercials . ', ' Thank you . I suppose I should go to see a doctor . ', ' Yes . ', 'When I received a letter telling me that my mother was very ill.', " Thanks ! These are beautiful . You shouldn't have ! ", "@ChinaReport24 China has it right regarding  Don't listen to the   rhetoric and mongering disguising #oil and #gas motives", 'When I knew that there were, at last, no problems in making a journey that I had been wanting to make for a long time.', 'I felt joy when my two twin sisters were born.', ' No problem . ', "My uncle isn't even messaging me, and him missing in my life is kind of messing with me. ", "Not everybody wants   and trailed into silence , for Lily 's eyelids were now fluttering , holding back offended tears . ", "He glanced up , saw Auguste 's anguished eyes , and thought he understood . ", 'When my father failed to send me transport money after the closure of the school.', "I was walking from my friend's house, a few blocks from my house, when a car began to follow me. He waited I passed by it rotateed a little and stopped on my way. I changed completely my way and the car went on following me until I turned at a corner and running I hid in a garden of a house, waiting for the car to pass by. I went back home terribly afraid.", 'Hello , Tom ! ', ' 92 . ', "I felt fear when my friend and I broke into an abandoned military base in Los Angeles this summer. I feared because I didn't want to be caught.", ' Here it is . ', ' Yeah . ', 'Late flight made me miss seeing @theChrisHero in Largo. Thank you, Chris, for coming to  ', ' It ’ s getting worse . Now he ’ s eating me out of house and home . I ’ Ve tried talking to him but it all goes in one ear and out the other . He makes himself at home , which is fine . But what really gets me is that yesterday he walked into the living room in the raw and I had company over ! That was the last straw . ', 'Before giving a seminar to a rather large audience.', 'When I was at an official meeting I asked a question to a person. His response was not directed at me but at the chairman.', 'My father told me in the letter that my mother is ill.', 'The day some friends of mine and I decided to go to Galicia on holiday.', ' Yes . ', " I'm sorry . I thought this was our stop . ", 'Small children of two or three tend to be alarmed at a banana-skin fall , not amused yet . ', "When my roommate's boyfriend assaulted me. He was threatening me, calling me names and pushing me around.", 'When Allen at last found a crevice secure enough to trust to he looked over to find that he was peering into the little courtyard onto the rain-wet backs of the dejected horses . ', "When I felt powerless to help the poor or when I don't know how to.", 'When I heard about the death of somebody I liked very much and I was not present either to see the person or to try to share my emotions with other friends.', 'Sam , I am so sorry . It was your birthday yesterday and I completely forgot about it . ', ' No problem . ', 'It was , however , obvious that there was some deep sadness within him . ', 'She was single-minded and uncompromising in her work , so that she sometimes provoked exasperation among her colleagues , a feeling immediately tempered by the admiration they felt . ', ' Well . My watch says five past two . But it ’ s no use rely on it because it has been gaining and losing these last a few days . ', ' Why ? ', 'I was extremely indignant . ', 'Isaiah 54:14 I am far from oppression, and fear does not come near me.”   #promise', ' Yeah . ', 'Joseph , unable to follow the French , waited in anguish , not knowing what was being said . ', 'Cleo stared at the contents with dismay . ', 'When a guy chased me when I was out jogging.', 'The computer at school had left out my name along with four others and I had no rights for one year.  So I was happy to find my name on the medical schhol list.', ' are you very close to your first-cousins ? ', 'With the girl whom I may be loved truly. When she refused to come with me to an occasion (she was from another town).', 'I was so angry with a patient who refused to take drugs.', ' I feel kind of stupid . ', 'A child beaten up by his mother.', "A look of intense amusement crossed Catherine 's face . ", ' not yet . ', "Journalists were asked by the manager to attend a midday conference at Celtic Park in the expectation that Brady would be commenting on his dismay over anonymous , directorial criticism of the team 's progress . ", "Re was at first pleased but soon realised that Hathor 's delight in killing might lead to the destruction of all mankind , which he had not intended . ", ' I felt as if I had been in a different world . ', 'My apartment has had three robberies in the last month. The guy upstairs just got robbed making it the fourth.', " What's the route ? ", 'When I began to read a thick book, which I had a limited time to read.  Also when I have a lot of work to do and I cannot keep up.', "Hello , let me introduce myself . I'm your new neighbor . My name is Andy . ", 'Many depressed people just withdraw into themselves , they may sleep a lot in the day but have wakeful nights . ', "My uncle was taken to the UTC for an operation as he had cancer.  There had been a lot of deaths of late - 3 out of every 4 operated.  I was scared for my uncle's life.", ' They ’ re fine , but I can ’ t watch a movie without popcorn . ', 'There have been some most tempting glimpses of it when you have become excited about a design or angry with yourself for a failure to meet your own high standards . " ', 'The pretty young undergraduate felt elated . ', '` Yes , yes , I did , " she told him , feeling ridiculously pleased that he was clearly enjoying her first attempt at baking a cake . ', " I'm awfully sorry to have kept you waiting for so long . ", "My girlfriend wanted to breakup for an indefinite amt. of time. She said that she couldn't commit herself fully to the relationship without going out with other people. I was her first boyfriend.", "I feel angry at people's indifference at our ability to be present at an event and to stay partial to what happens.", ' Yes . Would you like to come here later to have a coffee ? Bring all your family . ', 'My girlfriend and I slept in a lonely hut (we had drunk alcool). Suddenly some soil fell on us, then some water. Although we tried hard, we could not find out the cause.', " It's hard to say . It depends . But I love the waltz . ", 'is the best movie of the 90s, forest gump doesnt get rated its so good and titanic is in a distantttttt second', 'He was coming so fast that she knew he had not seen her and she had to brake sharply , frowning with exasperation . ', ' No , not now . I have found a part-time job.So perhaps I can help my family to come over the difficulties . ', 'This ` return to the sources " discovers either that such primitive celebrations are entirely divorced from modern sexuality , or that they always concealed a deathly horror . ', 'When I got my first unknown compound while doing my M.Sc research, I was very happy.  This is because my research was based on this type of reactions and compounds.', "I was responsible for Community Programme for the last 18 months of its life , so I 'm delighted to be involved in introducing Community Action . ", ' Sorry . You have to buy your ticket at the next counter . ', 'When he saw her horrified expression , however , he stopped being a doctor and became quite fatherly instead . ', ' We can do that if you like . Maybe next weekend . ', ' The Rockets . ', 'I felt sadness when I remembered my former boyfriend with whom I got separated an year ago and when comparing him with my present one with whom things are not much of a success.', ' Steven , I ... ', "I haven't often felt this feeling. Once someone stole my garment.", " Sure . You look like you're all black and blue . ", 'Winning a race that I had been training for, for many weeks. (Running Race).', " Of course I can . It's a piece of cake ! Believe it or not , I can do 30 push-ups a minute . ", 'I was watching a sunset after my latest boyfriend left me and I realized that we would never watch sunsets again, probaly never see eachother again and none of it mattered.', ' What happened to you last night ? You didn ’ t show up . ', 'I have a real problem when I meet people . ', ' Yes . ', 'When I got a letter from home.', "I was alone in my room at the boarding house when at 12 o'clock someone knocked violently on the door.", ' Certainly . ', 'After I said something that my boyfriend disagreed with, he walked away from me without discussing what bothered him. I became very angry with him for treating me this way. Yesterday, November 14.', ' Yes , I have nothing to do . ', 'A person died (not really a friend).', ' Take good care of yourself . ', 'Maryland wins 4-0 over ODU - will face Carolina in NCAA Final on Sunday - they played a tremendous game - The Turtle! #Maryland', " There's no secret at all . The only thing for you to do is to practice more . You will succeed . ", 'My daughter plans to quit her present job and wants to find another . She says she wants to get a better job with higher pay . ', 'An invitation to spend 5 days at the seaside with all expenses paid.', ' All right . Just give me the ticket . ', 'I got to know about the death of a close friend.', ' Some people are wildly shooting on the next street . We must leave here as soon as possible ! ', 'When I learned I was admitted to study what I wanted most - floriculture (this is a narrow specialization from the general one).', ' Yes . ', 'THE glum look on the face of England Manager Graham Taylor says it all  but he has no intention of quitting . ', 'I was very happy when I found out that I had passed with flying colours and that I had made it to the university.', 'When I hooked a girl in Kitwe.  She was very beautiful for my standards, a rare bird of this kind accepted me as a boyfriend.', ' At the gate of the park . ', " I've told you a thousand times . I don't want to go in the Haunted House.It ' s too scary ! ", 'Hearing Fran Wilde introduce the Bill.', ' It seems quite normal to me . It is pretty much what I want to do . ', 'When I heard that I had got the best result in school and would be definately selected to the university of Zambia.', 'A drop of scotch during occasional periods of self-criticism helped him to become happy with himself , but most of the time he was happy anyway . ', 'Well , it was nice meeting you . ', ' Leave me ! Go away ! ', 'My parents did not let me go on holidays with my friends.', ' Yeah . ', " I'm afraid not . ", " Because I'm the wrong sex , of course ! ", 'When my ex boyfriend threw me around the dorms because I was talking on the phone to another guy of whom he was jealous, after we had an argument in which I thought we broke up.', ' In my country football is brand new , so I never learned the game when I was younger . ', 'Not being able to do well to be chosen for the English lecture.', "In the thirtieth minute , Gary Weaving scored what looked like a perfectly good goal , only for the linesman to rule it out for offside , to everyone 's dismay . ", 'Blank.', 'Rescued dogs are often somewhat nervous of people , and yet may also become excited to see you , when you have been out , for example . ', ' Dad ! I ’ m gonna catch a cold ! ', ' I tell you I must go ! ', 'My sister won a scholarship to Norway and it was particularly as she walked across the tarmac to get on the plane and she looked back at us.', 'The funeral of a friend who was killed in a car accident. She was of my own age, there were many of my own friends present, as well as her family etc.', 'And found to his annoyance that he was grinding his teeth . ', 'But it was the scene of my first heartbreak . ', 'He sounded quite sad about it . ', 'When my 6 month old son is happy and well.', 'At night when I was alone at home (all the family members usually get together at that time) someone knocked vigorously on the door.', 'I wrote an assignment and was given less marks than a friend with whom I had previously discussed the assignment.', ' I see . ', 'When it appeared that I was not pregnant when I was several weeks overtime.', 'I felt joy when I came to know Christ.  That is when I became a Christian.', 'Watching a football game. This reminds me of the time when my father was still alive and when we watched football games on TV together.', "I suppose I am happy being so ` tiny' ; it means I am able to surprise people with what is generally seen as my confident and outgoing personality . ", ' Sure . ', " I'm sorry , this is our rock bottom price . ", ' I lost the table tennis game yesterday . ', 'I \'m really happy in the group now . " ', 'Hi , Jason ! ', 'When I was in the sauna bath.', "Since the war began , Soviet military commentators , including senior serving officers , have been expressing dismay at seeing Iraq 's army , most of whose tanks and aircraft they supplied , pounded so relentlessly and effectively . ", 'I went to the dining hall and found that the cooks were cleaning the plates and there was no food for me, and the blue birds  (security guards) were busy eating the food that was supposed to be for me.', " OK . Dad ! I'm coming . ", 'The person whom I liked most left me for a friend of mine, after several months of mutual help and a profound knowledge of each other.', ' Fine . ', ' I ’ m a little nervous . I ’ Ve never flown before . ', 'You may find out that I am stupid and not to let me do your experiment.', " Jennifer Davies ? Give me a break ! I can't stand her . She's such a dweeb ! How could she possibly ace it when she keeps cutting class all the time ? ", ' Yes , I hope we meet again . ', 'Succeeding in helping others.', 'Albert was offended , and swung his legs athletically out of bed , wincing on the distant side of his face . ', 'Hey John , nice skates . Are they new ? ', 'I was riding with a friend in his car. At a speed of 120 km/h on the snow-covered motorway I would have liked to get out.', 'When I had not understood anything after a lecture.', 'not afraid of tomorrow, for I have seen yesterday and I love today #less', 'When I said good-bye to my girlfriend.  I had spent two years on developing this relationship and it was unsuccessful, I felt very sad.', 'My best friend betrayed me and told other people my secrets.', " Let's enter it ! ", 'My grandmother died.', 'I was travelling in the South of Brasil, near the end of the year. I was well settled with 3 friends. At the evening of 31 M., somebody, also with us, took from his purse pints of all colours, and the 4 of us, and other friends, that were at the same beach, painted each other and we went to the beach with champagne.', 'Last week I had planned to play tennis and had booked a tennis court.   However when I arrived at the university gym the clerk told me that the court was being used for lessons.', "When my boyfriend was leaving to go home one night, I had a very deep sense of uneasiness and an unwarranted fear that I wouldn't see him again.", "There was a scene of shooting in front of my house, I was very afraid. Two armed men confronting. I didn't discover the reason of the incident.", 'There is too much busyness in schools , staff need ` dream time " too and also the security to try out ideas without becoming nervous about making mistakes or being afraid of failing . ', " The exam ! The terrible exam ! I'm not ready yet . Can you tell me how to get good marks ? ", 'I noticed that Meryl Streep and I had similar cheekbones and jaw structure.', " I'm sure he'll love the idea . Just throw yourself into it and you'll enjoy it ! ", 'Yeahh you dnt like me but still ill ride around ya side of town wit no in my blood.', 'and our need to always be right! RT @FredericBrussat: To live a creative life, we must lose our of being wrong.  Joseph Chilton Pearce', 'Tremayne was pink with gratification . ', "I live with my sister now and sometimes she angers me especially when she thinks I don't keep the apt. clean enough.", "When somebody stole my brother's disco machine.", ' No idea . ', ' Oh , I didn ’ t know that ! I thought they just paint it on your skin or something . ', ' Yes , there is . Teenagers do not want to live traditional lives . They want to go out , have fun , and explore the world . They want to develop their own view of life . Parents usually try to discourage them , but they don ’ t often succeed . ', 'Last night I did not do very well in one of the subjects.  Before the result was announced I feared that I would fail.  Finally I got a D and as the results of the other subjects were not all      good I felt a little sad.', 'When my brothers had passed all of their exams and were able to  graduate from their courses.', ' This is going to be a major production for you ! ', 'When I was a soldier I quarrelled with my commander and may be in revenge for this he detailed me on duty two successive nights. Naturally he checked me up on the second night and found me asleep for which he sent me to the cells.', 'not afraid of tomorrow, for I have seen yesterday and I lived today #less”', 'You look pale recently . ', ' You don ’ t love me , Roy . ', "Blake looked at the exasperated face of the Doctor , '  but this computer can predict what I 'm going to do . ", 'Good news about a sick relative.', "I read in the newspaper that the Student Lodging Fund was going to build new appartments for refugees (in my opinion this is the state's affair).  This is when only a fractoin of the students can find an appartment.", 'When I saw parents punishing their little child for something he had not done.  In my opinion, even if he had done it he should not have been punished for it.', "My parents didn't allow me to go to a social function that all my friends were attending.", " I'm afraid I can only rent it for two months . ", 'Late one night I was pursued by gipsies who had no good intentions.', ' No , why ? ', 'Congratulations ! Mr . Stuart ! You won the city marathon . ', 'I had an appointment downtown, and the person in question was half an hour late.', 'I heard that a former superior of mine had died, I was later at home home reading about it in the newspaper and I thought of our interaction and how it was no longer possible.  The limited scope of human life is sad.', 'I needed a recommendation for something. I decided that the best person to get one from was a professor who I had never talked to before. I felt a lot of fear going up after class to ask him to recommend me considering he had never heard my name before. But I did.', 'When a friend who comes visiting me unexpectedly asks for coffee and I refuse to give him this.', 'A sad old woman rose from her chair , as from a dais , to take their coats and hang them on a row of hooks nailed against a wall . ', ' I will . ', "I don't know what I'm going to do . I need to find a job . If I don't , I won't be able to stay here next semester . ", "Ouch ! I'm hurt . ", " Sorry , but I'm on my way out now . Could you come back in an hour ? ", 'My friend and I planned to search for old documents and utensils in the cellar. It was very late at night when we arrived in the cellar. He indicated the place where the police (40 years ago) found two dead bodies. I got very scared when he told me this story.', 'I came home and discovered that someone had broken in. Then I realized that they probably were still there.', 'Discovering that Lillehammer provided no musical environment that suits my taste, even though I had been told so.', 'The stories about the way my grandmother treated my mother.', 'When one is alone and knows that all the others are celebrating.', 'Practicing wind-surf my body was caught under the sail. On trying to get out my leg was caught in the lashing. I was afraid of dying by asphixia.', 'I was very hungry and just wanted to start eating when a friend called me who usually talks for a long time. I was angry because I was prevented from eating.', ' And thank you very much for letting me keep it so long . ', 'Went to a movie with a date, walked on the beach (in Alameda) spent some time afterwards in her apt.', ' Goodbye ! ', 'I experienced tears of real grief for the first time when my granny died . ', 'The members of the branch were indignant that the government should have planted two spies among them . ', "My son's mother told me that she wanted to move to Vienna and take the child with her. This means a rather long distance for me. My whole family was sad and dumbfounded so that my own feelings were intensified.", 'I was called and invited to have a talk about a job I wanted to have.', ' Great , here are some flowers for you . I hope you like them . I was not sure if the color will suit your new apartment . ', 'What a terrible house ! ', "When I was told a friend's baby had been born with only partial sight. This was her first child and she was not young (the mother that is).", " Yes , he's really pushed me too far . ", 'Someone must have buried them when they were too frightened to hand them in to the police station . ', 'When my son fell off the cot at the age of 5 months, I became very nervous and thought that it would cause defects in his head.  ', 'There was an anguished cry from the tub . ', ' What is it ? ', 'She was also worried about having to manage the farm by herself again . ', " I have told him how to do it several times , but he's never listened to me . ", 'If there is continuing disquiet about the way an industry is being run , Members can express their disquiet by questioning the fitness of the persons appointed by the Government to run it . ', 'Protagonists of unity may have been despondent about the loss of the EDC and the European Political Community , but were not routed . ', 'I was hunting, and was lost in the fog in the mountains.', " Go on your vacation with Mark and when you come back , why don't you just move in with him as well ! ", "I was very glad when I learned I was a student already. I heard about it over the phone, I didn't believe it at first.", 'When my grandmother died - at her funeral.', 'When I passed a very important exam.', " Perhaps . I'm dead tired . ", ' The post office.Sorry . I ’ m not sure . ', ' Frank has gone out with Lucy again . ', ' There are several possible sources you might use for that topic . I suggest you use the computer and the computer will give you a list of every scientific journal that talks about children and television . ', ' that ’ s true . I ’ m wondering did you learn anything from the job ? ', 'And the of the #LORD fell on all the kingdoms of the lands that were around #Judah, so that they did not make war against Jehoshaphat.', ' Which link ? ', " I can't agree more . ", 'Wait for me 。 ', " I'm afraid I can't . Parking is not allowed here . ", ' No , we got no receipt , but we paid on the spot . ', 'and terror only brings more violence and war. war only dehumanizes EVERYONE. times like these *need* dissent. #ows #occupy', ' Just get out of my face ! ', 'Jack was mad and even madder with the American scandal magazine the National Enquirer , too , although that was nothing new . ', "` Harry , we 're going to make ourselves miserable beyond measure if we go on like this . ", 'Heavy night last night last night with @joshsimpson14. Now drive back home and work tomorrow ', 'When I was a child, one day, I was going home late at night and I did not notice an uncovered man hole and fell in it.  I was in there for several minutes.', 'When my grandmother died after a long illness.', ' Didn ’ t you tell him you have an appointment ? ', ' Oooo . This sounds serious . ', " There's no hot water , and the building is falling apart ! ", " Wait a minute . I am really sorry but I can't find it now . ", 'The truth was that Mr Wolski was sad with himself , for he did not wish to stay on at the Zoo any longer . ', " Maybe it's a good things . If you don't have to go to Hong Kong , you can take a break and take things easy for a while . ", ' What do you think I should do about it ? ', 'When I was informed that a short story I had written had been accepted for publication.', 'I unexpectedly got a present from my father.', 'When two drug addicts tried to take away my money.', ' It must be old . ', 'When I forgot the lines of the play during an orientation camp.', "He was inconsolable when he found what she 'd done . ", ' Are these seats okay ? ', 'He seemed happy with this . ', " Any time . I'm just glad I could help . ", ' What ? ', 'There was real anguish in his eyes . ', "I remember being highly amused at his rendering of a young rook 's cry whilst gobbling a worm : it was perfectly true to nature  . ", " We basically sat her down and told her how we felt about her constant criticizing , and how we welcomed her advice but hoped she'd let us do our things . She understood , and now everything is a lot more peaceful . ", 'General Ye Jianying died.', ' Then does it go well with my sweater ? ', "Police became increasingly concerned for their prisoner 's health over the weekend . ", " Sorry , mum . I won't do it again . ", ' Sure . ', 'One night I and my friends went to the cemetery. We stopped the car in front of the wall and suddenly the grave digger appeared over the wall looking like a ghost. I was already afraid and almost died.', ' I believe industry is making us wealthier . ', ' Maybe . But it still gets on my nerves . ', " I'm sorry , I overslept . ", 'On the other hand , the most important person , the cameraman , wore jeans and a Micky Mouse T-shirt , over which his mournful , deadpan moon face shone incongruously . ', 'I was on vacation, and therefore I did not attend a meeting of the day care centre.  Nevertheless, the very day I came back they called me early morining to ask me \\what are you going to do about the matter ?\\" (which had been discussed in the meeting).  Then I got angry."', " Dance class ! I don't know how . ", "We hadn't gone very far when we met up with another Lancaster returning from a Cook 's Tour , and to my horror the two aircraft then flew wing-tip to wing-tip all the way home . ", 'When I got home from my job, I found a letter from the university telling me that I had been admitted to begin my studies.', 'When my son returned from mountaineering - healthy in body and soul.', 'When I was on a cave excursion with friends, I suddenly lost them and was afraid of losing my way in the cave.', ' Yeah . ', ' You often like comparing children with their parents . ', 'Someone attacked me with a knife.', ' How come ? ', ' Yes , I am . ', ' Alright . We are out of everything . ', 'A friend breaking up with her boyfriend.', ' It is stupid to say so . ', ' OK . ', ' Yes . ', 'When my mother told things to my sister, which I told my mother in confindence.', 'A relative died.', ' Yes . ', 'I felt so afraid when dad fell ill, he had never suffered from that disease since and I had never seen him as he was.', 'The Lord is my light and salvation - Whom shall I fear? fear is Not an option! I am finally delighted and happy', " You'd like it . ", ' I think that might work for me as well . ', 'When my grandfather died. When I heard about his death, I had a bad feeling in my stomach and I felt as if I had lost something very precious.', 'I feel sadness from the fact that I was not born with a better appearance.', 'I was at the corner shop, which I patronise regularly I had only a $ 50 note and I purchased about $ 3 worth of goods that I really needed - the keeper made sarcastic remarks to others about people using him to cash notes.', 'And suddenly they found themselves talking the sort of language that all of us can understand , and they got quite excited about this . ', " I'm not sure , he is a manager I think . ", ' It ’ s so wet and dark , I ’ m just fed up . ', 'I could tell she was angry and I was ready to cry , but Frankie pulled me roughly back off the step and we turned to leave . ', ' Yes . ', 'I was angry when someone stole a magazine which I had borrowed from another friend and locked it in a drawer.', 'When I thought that it was going to be impossible for me to start studying (due to wrong information from the student advisor).', ' Mom ? ', 'Temperamental differences operate once more with this new trio of junior heroes , whose elders , the three lieutenants , regard their pranks with mild amusement . ', 'My roommate being unconsiderate.', ' Okay . ', 'A friend of mine had promised to arrange me some tickets for a concert which I considered important.  He could not get them the way he thought he would, so he gave up the whole thing.', " It's okay . ", "ICC chairman Sir Colin Cowdrey ( left ) is clearly furious that every time he has been ready to make a statement about the Texaco Trophy events of August 23 , Pakistan 's lawyers have threatened writs . ", 'But now she looked excited . ', 'A murder.', '` I \'m delighted you \'re so pleased to see me . " ', "Applause rang out , and she twirled around to acknowledge it in demure delight , clapping the barman -- and then being crushed against the ample bosom of the barman 's wife . ", 'A close friend first said he accepted an agreement, but later used that agreement as a reason for attacking me.', 'When she was ecstatic , and she was often ecstatic , ecstasy flew from her face like the sun from a mirror . ', "Pleasure can be no more than a gourmet 's appreciation for delicacies , whereas a happy person can readily settle for a much simpler diet . ", "I had been living in an overseas city and made the decision to leave the city and come home about 12 months before I met a whole new set of friends, leaving them at the airport was sad and traumatic as they had helped me in many ways and I knew I wouldn't see many of them again.", 'After an exam which I failed.', " I ’ m sorry . We don't haven any . ", 'When I was nearly beaten up by the brother of my girlfriend.', 'Celebrations on the graduation day with the orchestra playing in the garden ( I am a part of this orchestra).', 'A quarrel was followed by the decision of leaving a person close to me. Several days later my regret was great. I was beside myself. Quite unexpectedly he came and the conflict was calmly solved. I was glad at the possibility to be with him.', 'After much trouble getting together in the first place my boyfriend and I celebrated our first anniversary.', "Blake says how pleased he is with the firm 's improved performance , acknowledging the considerable efforts and progress it has made . ", " Well , I'm really worried about my grades . I didn't think this course would be so stressful . ", ' Tango is my favorite . Anything but hip-hop or the foxtrot . ( the music has stopped ) ', '` When a police sergeant revisited Mr Thompson he was still clearly the worse for drink and was in an agitated state . " ', 'In icy tones , the offended bureaucrat replied : ` For future reference , you will call me Mr Hooton , not Richard . " ', 'Then in his foolish exhilaration he had leaped into a tree and spotted them with his binoculars . ', 'The glum look on his face was probably normal . ', 'When the others did not do their bit of work on a group assignment task, and I had to do all the work.', 'I was driving my car and it was very misty. It was in the night and I was alone in my car. I felt totally insecure, nervous and overstrained.', 'A car came very close to hitting me whilst I was crossing the street.', "Laura 's normally full , warm lips tightened with annoyance . ", ' Worse still , he is trying to avoid me these days . ', "Recently when my sister, who is four years younger than me and very spoiled, shouted at my mother for no apparent reason .  The heart-broken expression on my mother's face made me feel very angry.", " It's exactly twelve minutes past seven . ", 'What is up ? ', 'When boyfriend lied to me.', ' Good luck ! ', "Why didn't you tell me you had a girlfriend ? ", 'When I read a lot and did not remember anything.', 'He laughed , showing his white , sharp teeth , pleased with his joke . ', 'When I found out that I can travel with my best friend.', '` We are delighted to help the museum extend its collection , " said Mr Watson . ', 'Meanwhile Crowe , who had been watching the carnage unfold from the other end with increasing horror , unfurled some strokes of class in an attempt to ease the situation . ', " I think lifelong learning is the concept that it's never too soon or too late for learning ", 'It was the time when I was in no position to secure a Ist class in the M.Sc exam and this was likely to affect my career.', 'After blowing up and saying all the wrong things, I realized what I had done and hurt that person and myself.', ' I had a bad day yesterday . ', 'In the event , Maman was inconsolable . ', ' Kobe . ', ' You are bragging again . ', "You 're frightened to go to sleep . ", " It's OK . ", 'When I went out with my dog in a forest late at night when we were on a camping.', 'When I was at S.Y. Bajaj I wanted to get admission in another college and this was not easy and I felt angry. ', 'Once sitting in the cinema, I became very anxious (watching a \\cold\\" film). I do not know the reason."', ' I really have no idea . All I know is that the thought of him really curls my hair ! ', "When my cat ran under a car and came home wounded. He could hardly walk. I didn't dare to go to a veterinarian because I was afraid he would kill him.", " Oh , gag me ! She's totally gross ! ", 'On the TV news I heard that Nicaragua had complained about the increasing threat of war with the USA.', 'When a friend died.', 'In order to  your desire for  has to be greater than your of #failure. ~Bill Cosby', ' I believe that was a wedding present to both of us , Joanne . And you hardly ever use it ! ', "Emmeline grew pale , both from horror at Bastide 's plight and her own . ", ' Not yet . ', "I 'm particularly sad my mother hasn't had the opportunity to buy even his MC . ", 'I was driving on to a busy freeway during rush hour and it was slightly raining. A diesel truck was coming very close behind me and I was close behind a pick-up. I changed lanes and barely hit the truck and ran a Honda of the road. I was scared to death to go back and see if I caused him to crash.', 'Not unexpectedly , the residents of Chiswick became alarmed at the prospect , but the acquisition proceeded of the properties on the proposed route . ', ' She what ? ', 'I once felt that my last hour had come when I was unexpectedly found in the hands of.', ' Yes , I took my temperature last night . It was 102 degrees . But right now I feel my fevers is up to 103 degrees . ', ' I am 24 . ', ' I promise . ', ' What does that have to do with those men shooting at us ? Most importantly , why did you lie to me ! ', " Let me see ... I'm sorry , but we don't have any more non-smoking rooms.We won't charge you for your room tonight . ", ' Of course not . I knew she had fallen in love with another guy . It is difficult to see her move on so quickly . ', 'A small sad smile pulling at her mouth , convinced that it would say thank you and goodbye , she took a deep breath , and began to read . ', ' I can ’ t go through with this ! I just can ’ t ! I ’ m not ready for marriage ! What was I thinking ? I ’ m only thirty five years old ! I ’ Ve got my entire life ahead of me , adventures waiting ! I can ’ t settle down yet ! ', ' Okay . Thanks for your help . ', "Bellybutton said in an indignant voice , as though my question had impugned McIllvanney 's honour . ", ' Bye , Ann ! ', ' Step into my office for a moment . What is your concern ? ', ' No , you must stay ! I swear it , and the oath shall be kept . ', 'Now Mr Rifkind has written to the BSC chairman , Sir Robert Scholey , asking for further assurances after meeting anxious union leaders . ', 'Falling in love although she is my friend (angry with myself).', ' I heard that the government might need to increase the retirement age , because otherwise there will not be enough workers to support the young and the elderly . ', " I'm very busy these days . It seems I can never finish my work . ", 'And when I first got an inkling the little was far worse than none , and I became melancholy and miserable . ', 'The RUC men who had conducted the police investigations were fiercely indignant and a senior officer threatened to resign . ', ' Good boy ! ', 'I simply couldn ’ t help giving him the fish-eye when I knew all that . ', " No.thanks . I'm full . ", "It 's been our experience that families , and particularly carers , go through great anguish , much pain and heartache associated with this process . ", 'My intimate girlfriend told me that her father was opposed to our relationship  and had insulted my integrity.', 'From somewhere in the gloom , accompanied by raucous laughter and much crudity , a young female voice began to groan and then rise , unintentionally mimicking the anguish of a wounded soldier . ', 'When I was nearly attacked by a man who had been chasing me.', 'I watched a football match with my old friend.  The performance of the team was very good and the team members were full of spirit.  The match was excellent and every time a goal was scored I felt excited.', ' He ’ s my grandfather , and he never really liked you anyway ! ', " Yeah , I know . A friend in need is a friend indeed . I don't need fair-weather friends either . ", ' August bride . How nice ! By the way , who is going to be the matron of honor ? ', "I'm not actually writing a physics exam today ", 'When I was insulted by a man.', ' I turned on my laptop and it broke ! I mean , the monitor went black ! ', " I still like the olive one best . There's a tailor here who can take up the sleeves for you . ", 'The Brazilian lover was looking increasingly disconsolate . ', 'When I was not chosen to go to your English lectures. ', ' See you . ', 'I am afraid before an exam or colloquium.', "The grief-stricken widow refused to leave her dead husband 's side , and even crawled into his bed in a vain attempt to infect herself with his disease . ", 'Last week a friend of mine called on me and said I was moody and difficult to persuade. With this I got angry with her.', 'I went to the apartment of my boyfriend and saw some people before his door. I thought that something had happened.', 'When my brother was very late in arriving home from work.', 'The editor changed the heading of an article that I had written.  He considered the heading to be derogatory towards the person I had written about.', "I've been joined in the Soudain gamble by the man the Scunny bookies call bespectacled death , @chris_radford ", 'A friend of mine suggested that I become a film extra.  The idea seemed very funny to me and my reaction seemed rather outlandish to the others.', ' My car won ’ t start ! Stupid old car ! ', '` He deserves a proper thrashing , " Cissie protested , fiercely indignant that she had been unable to defend herself while her cowardly brother took delight in whipping her . ', 'But the behaviour of Reverend Prentice has only added to his anguish . ', 'I was angry at the Cafeteria when the cook scolded and said many bad things about me without reason. He thought I was among the girls who did him wrong.', " I can't stand riding the bus . ", " I just broke up with a girl . Why didn't she understand that I loved her ? ", 'how do you let go of the fear when it is time to step up to the plate? ', "My father called me (behind my mother's back) and told me that my mother disapproved my behavior in the weekend. However, he didn't tell me the details and left me with unanswered questions.", ' Oh , Steven , I made a big mistake . ', 'And then of course , silly girl , she went and told him -- he was so livid he wouldn\'t have nothing more to do with her . " ', 'The newcomers feel cold shouldered by the local population on occasions and become resentful of their almost tribal clannishness . ', 'Occurs frequently. A recent experience: when going out with many friends, nice music, after the examinations, I felt so happy I could have embraced everybody.', 'He stood there stoically , hiding his grief as Newlands announced he had received only twelve votes . ', 'For a few days I felt very miserable, distressed and listless, with crying fits. When this was over I felt very happy, although there was no special reason.', 'A friend of mine played a joke on another friend over the telephone.  This friend, crying, called me and I got very angry and made the other person apologize.', ' Oh , I see . ', "Records must not be based on the measurement of subjective impressions such as the number of times parents felt depressed about their child 's behaviour . ", " Well , I like collecting matchbox ! I'm not sure if that counts , though . ", "I've been chosen to plan the next family reunion . ", "A friend and I were going to have a study session together in which we quiz ourselves in biology material. Because I believed I didn't study enough. I feared I would fail.", 'Audiences were thrilled , box office cash registers jingled and careers were made . ', 'But Miss Van Cheele was terribly sad about Gabriel-Ernest . ', ' oh , really . That is great news . What does he look like ? ', 'My father had been drinking and I feared him when we went to bed at night.', ' Eh , so so . ', 'After having considered it for hours I was able to overcome my scruples and to call a friend with whom I had fallen in love. I realized that my decision was right - and was very glad.', 'This happened when I went to check my first year results, I had  thought that I would fail and I found that I had a clear pass in all my courses.', 'how do you usually get to school ? ', ' Look after yourself . Bye . ', 'When I won my car. ', ' Yes , Jane invited me for dinner to this new restaurant which opened near us . ', 'Julie is devastated to discover she is adopted and she sets out to find her natural parents . ', " That's too bad.They ' re such good company . ", 'My best friend had failed Exams. She had to leave and so we got separated.', 'One minister was miffed yesterday when he found his seat occupied by a journalist talking to a fellow cabinet member before the meeting began .', ' Coco Lee . ', 'When my flute-teacher was replaced by a new one.', ' Sounds good , when ? ', 'I was admited to the Chinese university of Hong Kong.  The day the results were announced I looked in the newspaper and saw my candidature number.', ' Good , happy birthday to you ! ', ' Sure , I will . Thank you for inviting me . ', ' I liked it . ', 'When my brother (5th in the family) passed away.', 'He broke off as Jim Miller let go a Indian whoop of relief and delighted grins spread across the faces of everyone in the group . ', 'My girlfriend let me down badly 3 times in one week. These instances summed up all the negative aspects of our relationship which at the time seemed doomed to fail.', " OK ! I'll call security . ", ' I ’ m sorry . I didn ’ t know that . ', 'When I was a child, I heard the floor cracking and I thought there was a burglar in our house; I hid under the blanket and trembled.', ' That ’ s exactly what they did . ', " Don't mixing #cosmetic brands. If it works for you, #goforit @MACMakeupLA @makeupjojo @MakeupByEric @cosmetichappy XO :)", ' Yes , I joined your group of bus tour this morning . You promised the journey will last 3 hours and we will visit 15 sightseeing spots . ', " Mom ! I'll wear a helmet and I'll drive sane . I promise . ", 'When an uncle of mine, who was close to me, passed away after having had a stroke, before his first daughter could be named.', ' Oh , yes ? ', 'Les mecs à la sortie du metro 4 à gdn, et qui attendent que tu passes pour degainer leur toupie lumineuse  ', ' He treats everyone pretty poorly , but the way he treats me really takes the cake ! ', "Going to a friend's wedding and seeing many of my old friends whom I had known before I moved to a new district five years previously.", 'The men got resentful of the women working all hours in the co-op . ', "What's wrong with him ? ", ' I can ’ t believe it ! I guess I ’ ll be here until ten again tonight ! ', " Forgive me darling . I'm very tired . ", 'Welcome to my birthday party , I am so happy you can come . ', ' Only sometimes when I think about it , I feel very sad . ', "To tell you the truth , I wasn't at all pleased about Russell sitting in the same coach with us . ", 'I started a new branch of studies after having failed a former one.  When I got back my exam papers I was very happy to know that I almost had full marks.', " I'm afraid there isn't . ", "It soon developed into disillusion as the town 's death toll grew and ended in jubilant relief not unmixed with sorrow at the memory of towns-folk who would not return . ", "At the hairdresser's, I got two stains of dyestuff on my new trousers. These stains are not removable, so I cannot put on the trousers again.", ' I liked physics . It ’ s all math , really . arcs , curves , velocity , cool stuff . ', " I'm serious , Zina . Back off . I have a bottle of pepper spray in my pocket . ", " I won't be paying you for this . ", 'A) A documentary in which baby fur seals were being clubbed / spiked to death by Canadian sealhunters. Brutally graphic. B) Description of a disfigured orphaned child in Hiroshima calling for her mother.', ' A stop ! Wait for the lights to turn green . ', ' what a bummer ! You set me up ? ', ' But you agreed to go out with me at last . ', ' No . ', ' The black ball has to be the final ball in the pockets . ', ' I never know when to shake hands and when not to . Can you tell me something about it ? ', 'The of your toes about to get chopped off when you see the cutting knife slip off the bench.', 'My friend told me he really likes me.', 'My mother had for some time been trying to separate me from a good friend who, she thought, was not good company for me.  Finally, at breakfast one day, we had an argument and I tried to defend my friend.', 'When I found that my ability to do ordinary work was worse than my fellow mates.', ' Now . ', ' Were you ? your performance was excellent . ', 'After having slept for a short time I woke up - I had the feeling of someone standing beside me and was very frightened. I had to turn on the light turn on the light for several minutes before I was able to get to sleep again.', ' Sure . Now you are talking . ', 'A third group of backbenchers is concerned at cross-media ownership in the new channels under the bill . ', ' I had a bad start of the day . I was stuck in a bad traffic jam on my way and I missed my morning meeting . ', 'The king was furious at being tricked again , and by nothing more than a pair of animals , at that . ', ' Well , imagine that ! How old are you ? ', 'For not having succeded in getting the job as a translator that I wanted.', "Elaine 's voice was concerned but deep inside she hoped he would not decide to go to the party . ", ' sounds like he is pretty cute . What do you think of him ? ', "Oh great ! This stupid computer froze again ! That's the third time today ! Hey Samuel , can you come take a look at my PC ? It's acting again . It must have a virus or something . ", " Trust you ! You can't even handle simple plane reservations ! ", 'I was filled with joy when I heard that I had been selected to come here at Kamuzu College of Nursing.', " I'm sorry . ", ' So what ? ', 'When I woke up at night to find a fire spreading towards the bed -rooms.  I was very frightened as I realized that I faced death.', "It was the weekend of my homecoming. I saw my sister for the first time in 3 months. She's my best friend and extremely close.", ' Yeah , yeah , but today ’ s lesson was all about the creation of the universe . ', " well , we'll be careful . Thanks for letting me know . ", 'The fear of being hurt in a relationship usually causes you to stay single or fear getting attached to a person.  ', ' It must be a haunted house.Are you frightened ? ', 'When my aunt scolded me for something I was not responsible for.  A boy had come to our gate asking for me, my aunt went out to see him.  I had neither met nor known the boy.', "Doris , I'm glad you're home . I'm terrified . I don't know what to do ! ", "He made a good living , and seemed resentful of his wife 's decision to take in a lodger . ", 'When a close friend drowned in the American River.', 'Disappointed love. The girl made an end to our relationship while I thought she was in love with me.', ' Don ’ t worry , I can handle that . And I know if the boss is there , even it is an informal evening , it does not make a good impression to get totally drunk in front of him . ', ' Yes . But why do I have to fill out a form anyway ? This is the emergency room . ', 'One of the greatest joiy was when I succeded in acquiring a motorcycle through my own efforts.', "Sometimes, when I'm alone I am seized by this feeling. But it always helps me to come round and at the same time to judge if it is worth. Very often this feeling is caused to me by people - friends who I love and respect.", ' Yes . ', 'Returning to school and rejoining my girlfriend after 3 months of separation from summer.', 'When my first girlfriend an I left each other.', "Kurzlinger hated Voss for what he had done and the man 's grief for his murdered love was not to be underestimated . ", " Well , I'm leaving Japan and I'm going back to London , tomorrow . ", "@johnnorlin  tells us that we've sacrificed more than others. tells us it's time 2 worry about the future. &#xA;&#xA;Luke 9:3", ' They soud like the neighbours from hell ! ', "An exasperated Galileo was able to show up the inadequacy of his rival 's position in a characteristically witty way . ", 'His horrified mother made a public appeal for the return of the ring , given to her by husband Alfed 18-years ago . ', " Oh , you men ! You're all the same . ", ' Winning is a piece of cake to me . ', 'Mr Mitterrand appears so delighted with the ultra courteous Edouard Balladur , that some Socialists wonder whether he has at last found the prime minister of his dreams . ', 'I lived in a flat with a couple. The woman was so jealous of me, that she sometimes had crying fits. Eventually her husband could not stand that any more and wanted to kill me.', 'My uncle died in the Vietnam War.', " I'm afraid you are beginning to look a little overweight . You really need to stop smoking . That's the main reason you're unhealthy . ", 'When people without my permission pry in my belongings and take things out of it.', ' In Boston . ', 'When a cousin of mine was discharged from the hospital after       a long illness.  I had thought that this illness would never end.', 'When I had an argument with my best friend and I thought that I was right and she was not.', 'When I had to come back from my village last Christmas.', ' I ’ m sure I ’ ll like it here . ', 'He looked at her with exasperation when she just gazed at him with wide deep blue eyes . ', 'When a colleague failed to contact me at the arranged time.', 'At a school dance when my supposed \\best friend\\" kept walking away from me whenever I came near her."', "Isn't this lovely weather ? Will you help me water the flowers , Jack ? ", " I've finished the first draft , but the professor said it's poorly written . I have to rewrite it . it's so depressing . ", ' I am really looking forward to getting away from you . Far away from you ! ', 'I was travelling back home by boat with two friends of mine after a lovely holiday trip.  The night and the sea were dark, and the wind was blowing.  I feared that death was there on the boat, I somehow felt sure about it.  I feared being left alone.', 'The day I got to know that I would get a shared dwelling with my boyfriend.  My parents place was getting a little crowded with my growing bother wanting a room to himself.  I first felt doubt, then joy, but also sadness.  The feeling of joy was the strongest.', ' Do people get married young ? ', " Oh I remember , I cut terrible calls , and you didn't say anything about it . ", 'When I failed my first exam at the Higher Institute.', 'He was a plodding lugubrious fellow , and we were delighted with his Wodehousian name . ', 'Ok , let ’ s go through this one more time . I don ’ t want anymore ruined or dyed blouses ! ', ' What happened ? Quarrel again ? ', ' Hi , Jim . ', 'Do you speak only English in the class , or does your teacher explain everything to you in Spanish ? ', ' Oh , sorry to interrupt you . But I am calling to say goodbye to you . I am awfully sorry to tell you that I am afraid I could not see you off at the airport tomorrow , because I will have to attend a very important meeting . ', 'The possibility of having failed the examination.', 'I am a \\cantor\\" - I sing psalms in church. Several weeks ago I had to sing too, but the organist did not tell me in time. As I did not know the psalm, I was afraid and said that I could not sing."', 'When on Christmas day my grandmother died. I received the news when I was coming back from a party on the 24th at 5 am.', 'When I found out that I could not go to the concert (after buying the tickets) because of a biology test which occurred the morning after.', 'What a terrible house ! ', 'Getting into this university.', ' Too bad . I really like it . ', 'Ok now im scared. . . Im the only one up in my house. . . I guess im going to sleep. . ', "Who's that ? ", 'When I got 21/30 points in an exam of statistics. The result was unexpected and it made me realize that statistics do not surpass my abilities, as I have sometimes thought.', 'When my relatives and I were in a car going slowly on a frozen road.', 'When I received the result slip of the higher level examination (an university entrance exam) and saw that I had a very good possibility of being accepted into the university, I felt very excited.', 'I was going to my village, after having been rather oppressed in Madrid. ', ' I had mine when I was 24 . that ’ s a little young . I ’ d suggest you wait until you are in your late twenties . , or even in your early thirties if you have a good career . ', ' Sure . ', 'The outrageous conduct of a relative towards me and those close to me.(blaming us and lying)', " I also feel that work efficiency here is very high . and you have strong working ability and professional skill , it seems that you know all , that's really wonderful ! ", 'How are you ? ', 'I was \\best man\\" at my brother\'s wedding a year ago."', 'When I almost fell down from some rocks because I had been acting foolishly and playing dangerously.', "Minton 's sober and workmanlike drawings instance his delight in registering rhythmic activity and industrial shapes . ", ' How about a party at home ? That way we can get together and celebrate it . ', ' Yes . ', "When another person's mother died.", "I live by myself and a few weeks ago was woke by a man on the end of my bed coming up my bed at me. I was really angry, told him to get out. He was surprised, hesitated; I started to move towards him and he backed off - kept telling him - loudly, but firmly to go. Because I'd got the initiative, I succeeded. A very powerful message.", 'Got ill.', ' Yes , I do . ', ' OK . ', 'Death of a pet rabbit. We had to give it away because my brother became allergic to it. We gave it to a man who kept animals and lots of other animals for children to watch. We went to visit our rabbit. It was badly beaten by the other rabbits and eventually died.', " Of course . But I'm afraid I'm not much of a dancer ... ", 'I did not like it when a little girl was crying for her dead mother and was calling her by her name.  I was sad.', 'As the programme of meetings rolled on , sometimes with many presentations on the same day , Horsley was exhilarated , amazed and excited . ', ' Yes ? ', " I'm sorry , I didn't know that . But I wanna help . ", ' Or getting stuck in traffic jams when you ’ re driving . ', ' Me ! Me ! ', 'Receiving a very personal letter from a lady that I like, which revealed that she was more enthusiastic about me than I had thought possible.', 'Some time ago a close relative of mine got off cheap with the worst.', 'Once I was very frightened at night as I had a very fearful and terrifying dream, I could not go back to sleep for a long time.', ' Yes , sir . ', 'When a colleague asked me for help at work, despite the fact that he had more time to do it than I had.', 'After I had had a disappointment in my private life, my friend, who studies in Vienna, came to see me spontaneously.', " But , dad , it's stormy outside . ", ' Snipers ? ', ' Oh , that scared me . ', 'When a close friend took leave of me, because she went to Israel for one year.', 'Our tutorial group was soon to be divided, and we got a list of names of freshmen, out of which five were to be in my group.  We read the names and then each group went its own way to a seminar room.  I wondered how I would cope with the new situation and if I would succeed as a group leader.', 'The fact that my mother is getting married again (my mother and father divorced about 15 years ago) means that she will probably move to Turku, and our home, which is a one family house, will be sold (I myself have not been living at home for the past six years).', " It's not just that . She also criticizes how we raise the kids . ", 'Walking around the University at night by myself, having been previously warned of rapes, etc.', 'The infuriated Milan Cardinal told the city governor that both the Chief of Police and the governor would be excommunicated if Landriani was not immediately released back to the convent . ', 'I stayed alone in the dark at night in the mountain, waiting for my uncle.  I remember that I took a big stone and it calmed me.', 'We are very happy that the Volkswagen Tour has enabled us to welcome this renowned orchestra to the Festival for the first time . ', ' Always . ', ' Right . ', 'When I was in lower six class during the Summer I joined a research group of the Chinese university student union.  I knew a lot of CV students there.  A year later one of them was travelling in mainland China and he got T.B.  He died a few weeks after coming back to H.K.  We all got together for the funeral and when I looked at the body for the last time I felt extremely sad.', " Yes , maybe . But I like street shopping . There is more variety . I'm sorry . I just don't like malls . ", ' Mrs . Thou ? ', 'I had gone for a medical check-up at the U.T.H and failed to make it back on time for the C119 practical sessions at 1400 hours last academic year.', ' How often ? ', 'Rose was excessively clinging in her behaviour and anxious when Clive was either late , as he often was , or away on an extended business trip . ', 'When my father made my mother go through really terrible situations, I felt furious, impotent, nervous, upset, ........', ' I see . ', 'Uncleaniness at my work place.  The place is generally not very clean, but when it reaches a point, I get angry at the person who is supposed to clean the place and the people who are supposed to supervise him.', 'I was on this amusement park ride at Marriots Great America. It went way up in the air and then around and around. Heights are not my favorite spots in life.', ' How dare you question my statement ! ', ' Well , he made quite a few mistakes on the monthly report and when his supervisor found them , my manager blamed them on me ! ', 'When I found out that I had passed the last two exams by a margin of three marks.', ' No can do ... sorry . ', "At the dentist's, waiting for my turn to come.", ' Really . ', 'What do you do in your free time , Nancy ? ', 'wat du i fink about success? It sucks, its much stress...i guess i blew up quick....success.....JAY Z', " I wanted to , but I knew that if I spoke to her , I'd just blow up at her , so I decided to just go home . I called her later that the night , but she didn't answer the phone . ", 'Jean-Paul gave a sigh of exasperation . ', ' No , you haven ’ t . You just don ’ t care about me . You ’ re an indifferent husband . ', 'When my friend told me that he would come and meet me in a moment.', 'Death of my grandmother.', " Check out your mom's closet . I'll bet she still has something . ", ' If I were Li Na , I would ask her if she had done that . ', " Haven't you heard that he is in prison ? ", 'When I realized that I loved someone of the opposite sex.', ' At the beginning , it does not matter , but once someone gets one ball in , it is set . ', 'This time , with deepening anger on the streets over price liberalisation , the hardliners were not to forgo their chance . ', 'When I got a stereo walkman from my father when he had finacial difficulties. I thought that although he promised to give me that present, he was not obliged to do so.', 'When my grandmother died of cancer.', 'When I was 20 years old, I fell severely ill and was bed-ridden for 6 months.  I felt very scared for my health and my studies.', 'When we were on holidays my girl-friend had to leave me after 4 weeks and I had to stay in Turkey for some more weeks because I had a job there.', 'Walking back from the gas station me, @Brooklyns_MoKo, and Faisal saw a dog without a leash and freaked the hell out ', 'How dare you accuse me of stealing your computer ? ', 'What a great weekend that was ! ', 'Without my permission, my son had made popcorn after coming back from school.  The consequences were a spoilt kettle and chaos in the kitchen but what could have happened with the hot grease ?', 'As he was rushed to hospital , his devastated daughter Suzanne went ahead with the service -- not knowing if he would live or die . ', " Pretty good , thanks . I'm going to see my uncle . ", "I was very angry at my father when he didn't give me as much money as my brother to use for studying. Once again my brother was better off then me.", 'It was quite recently, at the football match between the national teams of Bulgaria and France. I felt strong anger with the Scottish referee who ran the match quite partially.', "When I achieved my first 6 at University after a long string of 3's, 4's and 5's (7 is the highest mark awarded, 3 is a conceded pass).", 'The Direktor felt , not for the first time , deeply resentful of the fact that they had any part in choosing the programme . ', "For all those years you've protected the seed, it's time to become the beautiful flower.~S.C. Paul   ", " I'm very sorry I can't . ", 'I was bitten by a dog.', "Twitter, you'll never see me run as fast again as I am from @BibiLynch right now. ", 'When the university withdrew the accomodation that it had given me.', 'It was necessary to organise a competition in connection with a celebration. Everyone was to be present at that event. It turned out that there was no audience at all because everyone had pretended to be very intelligent and no one had come. I got furious.', 'The final marks were to be given in the morning.  I wanted to get there late because I was very afraid.  When I arrived there, everybody was very happy and I had also passed.  We had a wonderful time all day long.', " That's not nice . ", ' It costs more than you think to run a car---especially when there are so many things wrong with it ! ', 'Hi , Monica , congratulations ! Your presentation at the meeting was very successful and everyone was impressed by your speech . And it was so persuasive and I bet our clients will be convinced to invest their money in this project . You really made a big contribution to our company . ', 'I remember my religious experience.  During  a gospel camp, a few friends of mine decided to believe in God.  The joy that I felt at that time was more than words can express.  I blessed them and praised God in my heart.', "Hey , Mary , what's up ? ", 'Getting into this university to do medicine.', "Here's the restaurant we're meeting the Smiths at . ", 'A surge of elation rushed through his body as he read the note for the third time , unable to believe the implications of what he was reading . ', 'When I asked if they could make me an identical one trimmed with black fur and beading instead , they were horrified but they agreed in the end . " ', " I've been with this firm for 26 years and I'd hate to see it go down the drain due to poor leadership skills . ", "` No , better to limit the damage , control his anger , make nothing of it , pretend he didn't mind . ", "To fight with a sister and to know that she doesn't care.", 'I was joyful when I received a present (2 books and a pencil) from the headmaster in standard 6 because I had passed, I became No 1 and he said I was one of the pupils who had good behaviour.', ' Yes , but you might have told me before . ', 'In their communiqu , the finance ministers could usefully point out that the current despair  over eastern Germany is overdone . ', 'When I was 12 years old I frequently was pursued by others and got sound thrashes.', 'We hitch hiked our way back from a town rather drunk.  We were dropped in another town which was unknown to us.  I needed to urinate, so I did it on a wall which turned out to belong to the military headquarters.  They arrested me and made me pay a fine of 500 pts.  We had to go home on foot (6 km) since it was too late for anyone to give us a lift.', 'I was angry at a University tutorial when an ignorant loudmouth persisted in trying to dominate the conversation.', 'At first I could not understand -- but then when she had , whispering , explained properly , I was filled with a desolate , despairing horror . ', ' August 1st . ', 'It was the kind of life that ` was making life miserable in the extreme for her and since I felt responsible for her it was making me miserable too . ', ' OK . ', 'One day my elder brother badly scolded my father.  This was the first time that I heard such abusive language from my brother.  I requested him humbly not to use this kind of language but he did not care for what I was saying.  Finally I picked up an axe to use against him, in the meanwhile people intervened.', ' Me too . I ’ ll write to you once I get settled . But I have so much to do . You might have to wait a while . But I really will write to you . I love to write letters . I think it ’ s more meaning than the emails even than the phone call . ', ' But it still hurts . I thought I loved him . ', 'The comrade staying next doors insulted me for what he called  the misuse of his iron.  He called me stupid, self centered etc.  I wanted to punch him but instead went for a walk to the mining school to cool off.', ' You too.Thanks for dropping in . ', ' OK , how about 12:30 PM ? ', 'My boyfriend decided to make an end to our relationship.', "One of my first boyfriends got mad at me because a lot of my close friends were guys and he didn't want me to see them anymore because he was jealous.", 'When a pet died. The pet was the closest friend I had for 15 years.', "I was on my way back from the Inter Rail, on board the ferry from Stockholm when my father called me at 7 o'clock to tell me that my uncle had died and that I would be seeing him off on his final journey within four days.", 'Erika stamped her foot in vexation . ', 'When I got married.', ' Sure . ', " We got lost coming back . I guess I don't really know this town yet . ", ' Tarzan . ', 'When the doctor told me that there was something wrong with my eye and I had to undergo an operation.', 'Every time I see a spider or a snake.', 'A certain man went to my parents and told them that I was married here, when I am here at school. When I went home for holidays my parents asked me about it and I was angry with that man.', 'On a sailing boat at night, under a full moon, listening to Pink Floyd, drinking good wine, with good company, the boat being steered by autopilot, and a full eclipse of the moon.', 'A nuisance used to live in our flat a month ago. I experienced this feeling when I tried to chase her out.', ' When will the lecture begin ? ', 'She voiced her disquiet and Ana laughed . ', 'After a short stay in Marocco we missed the ferry-boat back to Spain and we had to look for an accomodation. By chance we met a man who offered to take us to a camping site. While I was sitting in his car I was terribly afraid because I had heard of people being robbed in Marocco.', 'Lesley was totally happy about it . ', 'When I got divorced from my husband after ten years of marriage.', 'When my mother was operated.', 'Death of the family dog.', 'I was at home alone when I realized that a young roe approached our house. I hid because I did not want to frighten it. It limped. Some time later, when I thought that it had already run away, I saw it lying on our terrace. I came nearer and saw that it was terribly wounded. I informed the ranger who said that the roe must have been attacked by dogs. He had to shoot it.', 'When I passed the first year and so I could come back for my second year.', 'Very likely he was simply lying on his bed in a state of dejection and , perhaps , of remorse for his massacre of " the possessions " which was now generally thought not to have been necessary . ', 'When I got caught in the pouring rain last Thursday and did not have a raincoat on me.', " We're sorry you have to leave . ", ' Mr . : Yes ? ', ' Why not ? ', 'When I spoke to my daughter and wished her luck for the examinations she was about to take.', " I don't care . ", ' What is the weather like in Washington at this time of this year ? ', "She didn't look quite so indignant as she 'd looked before . ", " Okay , I'll be right back ... Congratulations ! The manager approved the final price $ 15,000 . ", 'The priest became agitated . ', "@notMarcStaal I'd offer to do a strip tease, but my wife is currently hormonal and might kill me. ", 'Insulted by my mother.', ' So Barb ... what do you do ? ', 'An agitated old lady addressed Ramsey severely and asked why he did not go back to his own country and do good there instead of stirring up trouble in the United States . ', 'When I succeed in writing something I felt and doing it I felt well and very happy for being able to express to myself something that was suffocating me.', ' Are you kidding me ? ', ' Critics are not very happy with the movies that you ’ Ve made recently . Does that bother you ? ', "The sense of joy comes to me always after a period of depression, as an organic feeling for an upsurge. I don't exclude the situative feeling but in this case the reason is not in me, it's out of me.", " That makes sense . I think I'll do that . Thanks for all the help . ", 'It happened that I was alone - with no contacts with friends.', 'Not being chosen for the English lectures (my girl-friend chosen).', 'When my partner was attacked and lost three teeth.', 'Her face lit up with a delighted smile as she gazed at an abandoned plate of half-eaten sandwiches on a nearby table . ', 'When my son has a pain in his leg (for no apparent reason).  ', 'When I was going to bring back my girlfriend to LA to meet my parents.', ' Thanks . ', 'After having taken an exam i feared having failed it.', 'I went to a doctor with a complaint. The doctor told me that I was completely healthy.', 'Nevertheless , no writer , however self-sufficient , writes without a thought of an audience , and Tolkien was happy to discover anyone who could appreciate what he was up to . ', " I've already suffered enough without listening anymore to you ! ", ' Having a regular study routine and following it is very important , right ? ', "I felt very sad when I had to give up something that by right was mine and although I didn't get it, a kind of souvenir that people don't give you the right to have.", " I'm sorry sir , this flight has been cancelled due to some mechanical problems . ", 'I have been sent a Leeds United 1993-94 squad picture from the Evening Post and this now adorns my office wall , much to the amusement of my colleagues . ', 'Kendall-Hume turned back to face the dismayed couple . ', " I would very much enjoy taking a Psychology class.Because I'm crazy . ", ' And I was overwhelmed by this scene , too . ', ' April fool ! ', 'The happy melody of Morning has Broken followed , but the sadness of family and friends choked many of the words . ', ' What place ? ', 'Two boys whom I know were telling me, in an indecent manner, how they had teased a young and shy girl I know.  They had despised her conviction, scorned and touched her.  I got very angry and did not try to conceal it and gave it back to them.', 'My friend still trusts me as a friend.', 'After going through a glass door, I sustained a number of serious cuts which were gaping open.', 'Hi . ', 'When some friends of mine asked me to go camping with them for a fortnight.', 'When I am with a friend and we have to leave each other.', 'Ellen gave me an amused glance . ', "@myfoxla you are reporting on the basis of please stop trying to place #fear into viewers. It's uncool. #occupyla #ows", 'I was angry this morning when I missed the train to university.', 'I love her so much , you know . I want to be alone . Please keep quiet . ', ' Where are you from ? ', "I had a friend who I didn't see for a long time. We had a relationship from much union and interaction. It was more that one year that I didn't see her. She appeared in my home and we talked.", 'You ’ re making my blood boil . ', " No , ma'am . I ’ m afraid you put in only one quarter and one dime . ", ' Come on ! A little labor , much health . ', 'The mosquitos are biting me ! ', "I've something very unpleasant to talk with you . Upon the arrival of the first consignment , it was found that about 50 % of the sixty cases of pineapples were leaking . ", " Oh ! ! My car isn't working . I'm waiting for a tow-truck . ", 'When Wayne and Sue (close friends) were announced our guardians at ther wedding.', 'Strictly avoid frightening ideas ', 'Hello , Kevin . I hate to do this , but I have to cancel our appointment . ', 'Katherine could feel his anguish , and for the second time that day the tears slid down her cheeks . ', 'The fear about my future : work, making ends meet and health. Coping.', 'I lent a text-book to a person I did not know very well, they lost the text-book and gave me no compensation.', 'A drunken friend of mine was beating up another friend, who was also drunk.', ' Yes . ', ' Thanks . Lovely day . Pity I ’ m on duty . ', 'Finding an excuse is obviously down your alley . And trying to avoid taking care of the children is what you are good at . ', 'When the girl I loved turned me down.', ' I will . ', 'The patient whom I expected to get well suddenly passed away after he showed had his meals.', ' You mean 30 push-ups ? ', ' Thank you . ', ' Poor old John ! I am ever so sorry . ', "Passing a very difficult examination which I didn't expect - MCE.", " I think I've caught a cold . Now I'm aching all over . ", '@pathien selon doctissimo le verdict est sans appel: cancer du cerveau !! ', 'My friend has to go on field trips, he just told me.', 'With self at losing an important game that I should have won.', 'We grew more and more excited . ', 'YEOVIL TOWN captain Mark Shail was heartbroken last night over the rash moment which may cost him the chance of playing in the dream FA Cup tie against Arsenal . ', 'Years ago, on my way to school by the forest path I came across an exhibitionist.', ' Sometimes it takes too long to find the exact information you are looking for . Besides , I like to read a magazine in a coffee bar sometimes . ', ' It must be dreadful to grow old . ', 'When my girlfriend left me.', ' About ten years so far . I started learning when I was in middle school . ', " I don't want to argue anymore . Please get out of my life ! ", 'I felt sad when I heard that my girlfriend was double-crossing me with the boy who is my best friend.', ' Sorry , sir . We have never done that before . ', ' of course . There ’ s always much to learn . I got to know more about the real world . ', 'A friend of mine uses butter instead of oil when he is cooking. I am always angry about that, because it is an unnecessary luxury. Recently we both were cooking and he wanted to use butter again. When I had already put the oil into the pan, he poured it out again and put the butter into the pan.', 'An encounter with a man whom I love, after a very long separation.', ' OK . ', ' What ’ s the score ? ', " Don't look so horrified ! ", ' What does a CEO do anyway ? I know the CEO makes the most money in the company , but what does he actually do ? ', " I hope so . I'm looking for some material for a paper I'm writing , and I'm not quite sure where to look . ", 'No wonder Superintendent Miller had become exasperated . ', ' I see . ', ' Ah , thanks . ', 'Henry Tyler would not have described her as a happy woman , but afterward he could not say that she had seemed at all unwell . ', ' I will be all right soon . I was terrified when I watched them fall from the wire . ', 'My father left us for another woman.', 'Almost had a bicycle accident.', 'She looked into his eyes and saw terrible pain and inconsolable grief . ', 'I locked myself out.', 'In Sweden, a friend and I lived in an appartment owned by a Finn.  One day, this man came back to the appartment heavily drunk (hashish and alcohol).  He was quite dizzy and he broke down, and I could not foretell his reactions.  However, nothing happened.', 'Sometime back another girl who was in terms with my ex-boyfriend came to shout at me at twelve midnight. It was because she thought I was still interested in the boy.', "This issue worried me rather than saddening me.  In mid September I went to Guanggho alone.  I was looking for an accomodation in the evening and after having walked 2 or 3 miles I still could not find anything.  What could I do?  I was not worried about sleeping on the streets but because of some procedural problems.  I finally found a place to sleep at 8 o'clock.", 'Almost always when I go to fetch the results of an exam.', 'When I obtained good marks in a subject I had failed before.', 'One night I could not practise my violin as my family was watching T.V with the lights off, so I wanted to listen to some tapes.  It was dark so I asked my brother to bring me a torch, however he scolded me.  I was so angry that I slammed my violin on the floor.', 'When I won the \\Under 18\\" Showjumping at the Brookfield Show. The competition was very stiff and there were many riders competing."', 'When armed robbers broke into our house at night.', 'Sleeping alone in a tent, while hearing several noises such as rustling etc, I am afraid that there are people who are up to no good.', 'A person I really like left for overseas for a few months, I had hoped to go out with her soon.', 'Some real research , I suggest , is needed into a condition which , though frequently rib-tickling in retrospect , causes widespread anguish at the time . ', 'I was very sad when I heard that my uncle had passed away untimely at home.', 'I felt anger when I saw that I was being misleaded by my boyfriend, he went out with other girls. I felt anger for his falsity.', ' Thanks . ', " Not always . Sometimes we don't understand her . Then she has to repeat what she said . ", " Maybe you're right . I have been too lazy lately . ", 'While Grant was wakening the kids , he discovered to his dismay that most of the cubicles held four occupants , sleeping in bunk beds . ', 'Failed to be elected to be a class leader.', " I don't buy a story . ", 'Resist Launch out into the deep!', " You don't have to keep saying that , Yuri . It's not your fault.But me--I'm the one who should be sorry.It was me who suggested operations here in the first place ! Oh , what can we do ? ", 'Polanski had received notices of similar disquiet over his films . ', ' Two carats . ', " Good heavens ! Don't bring that frog in the house . ", 'Speaking in front of a large group of people.', 'Their mother died a month later , heartbroken by the loss of her mate . ', ' The heart ! ', 'In Washington there was understanding , but just as much disquiet about British Defence policy . ', "Before I went to the urologist's I was afraid for several reasons: because it was for the first time, because the medical check-up might be painful, because of the uncertainty and because someone had informed me about it.", ' Not a bit . ', "During one year my mother almost had a nervous breakdown and my father had a serious operation. I was afraid that our family (4 kids, I'm the oldest) wouldn't hold together. Everything turned out fine.", ' No way ! ', ' Nothing . ', 'Iqam chosen for your lecture and my best friend is not. Now he is angry with me and I cannot help him.', ' I know for sure that something is wrong ! ', 'When, after having cleaned up the kitchen, two hours later I saw that there was a big mess. It irritated me very much.', "I really don't know how to break this to you , but it ’ s eating me alive ! ", 'Feeling a little frightened of the dead body behind him in the cart , and depressed by the autumn fog , he stopped for some beer at a pub , where he met Jan Coggan and Laban Tall . ', ' So what ? ', ' Good . ', 'When I went to a job interview, I met a person who was very nice, and his attitude made me glad.', ' Bye . ', ' Damn ! ', 'When my grandfather died.', ' Yes . ', 'The alarmed Hungarians initially kept this threat to themselves , but have since raised the issue in private both within the Warsaw Pact and with certain Western governments . ', 'I got into an argument with a photographer for whom I had to pose twelve times, over  a period of four weeks, before I could get a snap of mine.  Every time the film was processed my snap did not come out although the others did.', ' 500 pieces . ', 'I felt sadness when I had to get separated from the woman I loved who had to leave for her motherland.', 'One Saturday afternoon, I deliberately dressed up nicely (I had been in a bad mood of late).  I hoped to go for a walk in the soft sunlight to try and uplift my spirits.  When I was having lunch in the canteen, two of my male classmates asked me as to why I was dressed so nicely (they had seldom joked with me before).  One of them said that he had a lounge suit and we would look very nice if we wore them together.', 'When it became clear that a man had used many people sexually and psychologically, despite the fact that many people looked up to him.  I understood that one could not trust him and I was forced to hide this for a while.', ' I ’ m afraid that I can ’ t . They were in fashion last year and the year before last . But they ’ re not in fashion this year . These shoes are in fashion now . ', 'I was very happy when I received the year end results as I was worried about how well I had done.  I was very happy to know that I had passed.', 'One unnamed area was criticised after it appeared to have industrial dereliction and sad , downcast people . ', 'After what  news has brought out in the news, there is NO way our family will ever fly. Sad but true and it sucks actually. ', ' No , never . ', "Let's go in . ", ' Oh.history . ', ' By the way , would you like to have dinner with me tomorrow evening ? Tomorrow is my birthday . ', 'wake up in the morning eat some flakes buck up go to work for poverty wages send your kids to #FEAR war get sick go broke repeat.', "New year's eve 1983/1984, I met my girlfriend.  We stood on the steps outside her parents home and I kissed her for the first time.", "The day I first met you, you told me you'd never fall  but now that I know you, I know is what it really was!", 'I told my friend something confidential which was supposed to remain between the two of us.  The next thing that happened was that a girl who is not even close to us came laughing and askad me to tell her about it.  I was very angry with my friend as I had trusted her.', "But his initial anger at finding the latest two victims of the insane killer 's bloodlust , blazed into an all-consuming hatred of the man who had done it . ", ' Me too . ', 'An old lady slipped and nobody helped her.', "A friend called me and told me that she wanted to come and see me. She lived in a village at 50 km distance fom my home town. Next morning I expected her but she didn't arrive. As I got impatient I called her but her parents told me that she had gone skiing. I was very angry because I had cancelled an appointment to be able to see her.", 'One day in a clinic, the father of a child came in and assaulted a colleague for something that she had not done deliberately.', ' All right . ', " I'm afraid you've made a mistake . This isn't what I ordered . ", " Yes . And we're proud of you , Loans . ", 'I had planned to study for my mid-term exams on a certain day and  my room-mate called me to ask me to go out for a stroll.  I tried to make an excuse so as not to go out but she refused to listen to me and insisted that I go out with her.  I find it unnecessary  to talk to her anymore. ', 'When I had to walk home in the dark for the first time. ', ' This has been the worst and best day of my life , Taylor . They kept you in the hospital , and ... ', ' Eighteen.Some friends are having a birthday party for me tonight.Do you want to come ? ', ' Just so so . Last night I met this great guy at the bar and we had such a wonderful time , so we decided to meet again tonight . ', 'When my brother bought me a nice pair of shoes from South Africa.', 'Some boys deliberately played tricks on me in the experiments. ', 'A very close friend of mine was refused entrance to the medical school.  Her grades were very good and she should not have been left out.  Biased judgment !', 'Well the birthday surprise was a fail, that professor has chronic bitch face. We freaked, ran in, threw her gifts at her then ran out. ', 'To misquote you : he is itinerant because he is miserable . " ', ' 250 Yuan . ', "She had smiled and raised rather amused brows at the stories that tumbled in then of Fergus 's progress . ", "Hello Gina ! We've spoken so many times on the phone but's it's so good to finally meet you in person ! ", ' Fine ! Do you want anything to eat now ? ', ' Okay . ', ' Yeah , I ’ ll probably just stay in and relax . Maybe watch a few movies . ', 'When I feel I must be with somebody, to talk with somebody - but I am alone.', ' August 1st . ', "After having at last finished my master's thesis, I felt great joy and relief.  I had been haunted by the thesis during the whole of my studies.", 'My boyfriend promised to take me to see a game of tennis and rang saying he was going to the pub with some of his friends instead.', "Manager Graeme Souness 's touchline ban meant he could only watch in anguish from the directors ' box . ", 'When I forgot the lyrics during a song contest.', "The book also moves close to a highly critical analysis of science and yet never becomes anti-science , only anti-scientific : Jones 's own delight in physics enthusiastically drawing the sting out of his own criticism . ", 'I feel sad about an event I can not influence.', "Seeing the look of dismay on her mother 's face , Tamar continued , ` You won't be telling a lie . ", ' Yes , I know . I regret it very much . ', ' Almost . ', "Fuck.! Only a girl's anger on your silly questions can make you sweat in temperature near 12°C..! or #thrill #youprefer", 'I was captain of the school swimming team. The team was only two points in front before the last relay. We won the relay, which I swam in, and thus my team won the championship.', "Dad , I'm scared . ", 'Most estate agents were overjoyed at the election result . ', 'I was having breakfast with a classmate and suddenly I began to cry as I thought of a friend of mine whom I had not seen for a long time.', 'Sitting alone in a quiet room concentrating on things happening around me which pleases me.', 'There was a conflict of interest between me and a close friend of mine.  He only thought about his own interest and not about our friendship.  This behaviour hurt his friends.  Another incident is when a friend isolated himself without giving any reasons.', ' It ’ s simply because the tins were damaged . ', 'I was doing an experiment and was not getting the appropriate result despite the fact that I had repeated the procedure 4-5 times.  Then finally I got it right by a stroke of luck.', 'Vertigo - standing on a ladder and painting the house.', " It's us . ", " You're so old fashioned ! Nobody is going to pull down your pants ! ", 'The more than satisfactory result of a recently-completed university subject was communicated to me by phone.', " You're so lucky . I hope to get married to a guy like that . ", ' Let me see ... Oh , I am awfully sorry sir . ', 'Breaking up with a girl.', 'After hearing about the death of my grandfather.  First I could not believe it, but later I wept and felt the situation was hopeless.  I felt lonely and wanted to be consolated.', ' Darn ! Oh , well . I guess it ’ s just not my day . Thanks anyway . ', 'The death of my twin sister - suicide.', 'When I get home late my father scolds me and this makes me angry.', 'I had fear of my father (parents) when I first became pregnant. I was afraid of delivery itself and whether I would give birth to a stiiborn or a baby.', 'But the blank horror over Khmer Rouge atrocities between 1975 and 1978 has created a blind spot about its strength in Cambodia , and the growing likelihood that it will return to power , either on its own or with the other Cambodian opposition factions . ', 'When we were in high school a few guys sometimes provoked a friend of mine.  They called her a pig and then grunted.  This irritated most of the girls.  Once, one of the girls got angry at my friend and said something nasty and this made me terribly angry.', 'Did Bean send these dirty jokes to you , too ? Look ! ', 'I felt unfairly treated at an airport, being told to use a different counter (for domestic traffic only).', 'When I think about my parents getting old.', ' What position do you play ? ', 'You honestly believe the world ’ s improving every year ? ', " I know that . You don't have to tell me that . That's my problem . I know I have the right to work for the university . That's legal.But they don't have a job for me . And it's illegal for me to get a job elsewhere . ", ' Of course . ', 'When my mother was tremendous on the phone and we talked for hours. She was in a good mood.', 'When my sister died, she was only sixteen when she was put to rest.', "There was something in the journalist 's manner that goaded Blanche 's exasperation into anger . ", 'I replied , endeavouring to conceal my excitement . ', "When my dad gives priority to my kid brother's band and his other activities.  We both play in different bands and rehearse in my parents garage.", "Yeah , but she 's a bit despondent now isn't she , really ? ", "That if ever I was really naughty I would be sent away from my Mum and Dad to another family. I was fostered from age 5 and didn't get to Mum and Dad until I was 6 and then legally adopted at 14.", 'THE heartbroken mother of transplant donor Paula Moss is leaving England to work as a missionary . ', 'One evening, when I had gone fishing with my friends, we heard the roar of a lion near by and had to run for our lives.', ' Certainly . ', 'This happened when I was selected to go to Secondary school to start Form I in October 1980.', "Once as a child I dreamed of a fire. Since that time I hadn't wanted to sleep in that bed and had feared the night darkness (and so it is now).", "Many Labour MPs could not hide their glee at the SNP 's action , such is their antipathy to cross-party co-operation . ", 'Stopped at a Fast Food shop with friends and a few locals wanted to fight us for no apparent reason. They hit and picked on one of my friends.', ' It sure is . ', 'Talking to my close friend.', 'Climbing a mountain, I got stuck and realized I could get neither up nor down.', ' in the air, I’m pushing the gears  turned into  hate turned into ', 'In it a deeply depressed Spiro , 46 , makes several rambling statements about his money problems . ', 'Some of his actions , in particular the unexpected introduction of a constitutional amendment allowing for an elected Vice-President and the subsequent appointment of Moudud Ahmed to that post , caused some disquiet among party members . ', ' Yes . ', 'The old man answered my knock and his big face split into a delighted grin when he saw me . ', 'A person close to me mistook my good intentions for bad, and therefore associated unpleasant traits to me.', " Oh , I'm very sorry about that . You can change it for another one if you prefer . ", ' The fans are great here , too . Not like in Philadelphia . ', " I'm going out anyway . Get out of my way . ", ' Yes . ', 'Unfortunately , anxious and stressed people become acutely sensitive to such fluctuations making them worse by their own concern . ', 'Before the exam.', 'Scorning the establishment , they left homes and heartbroken parents . ', 'My father was very angry with me, and I locked me up in the shower. Then my father knocked his fist through the door, I was scared to death.', 'Watch out , Patrick ! ', 'A heartbroken Daniels watched this all going on , and was moved to break the golden rule of not speaking until spoken to . ', " Let's go in to wait for them . ", 'I lost my grandfather whom I loved very much.  I had not known that he had been ill for a very time, when I received this message he was already dead.', ' What about ? ', "Aristophanes shook his handsome head over his friend 's amusement . ", 'Receiving a letter form a girl that means a lot to me emotionally.', '" Debbie would be pleased , " she said . ', ' I think so . ', 'The day the results of the certificate exam came out.  I went to school and at first I did not feel frightened.  By the time I reached the fourth floor ( the results were being given on the fifth floor) I found it difficult to walk and felt that I would die.', 'Benedict was on his feet , overturning his chair in one violent gesture , a face of livid fury turned on Theda . ', 'I was selected to come here (University, College) when I was least expecting it.', 'With a little grimace , she turned to stare with rather horrified fascination at the dark oil paintings that lined the walls . ', ' The works ? ', "I was alone in my parents' house, having made plans to spend the afternoon with a lover (plans which the lover cancelled), watching a movie and considering my life and circumstances - pressures of examinations in particular.", "Dam it , I'm running out of money again , I really need to balance my budget and handle my money better . ", 'When my brother hit his head and lost consciousness at the sports practice.  For some time he could not remember what had happened but he recovered later.', " I have to do some things , and besides , it's not polite to be nosey . ", ' Hmm , that is bad . ', ' last forever, last til the person gets over it and confronts it or til someone badder comes along.', " Oh , Jack ! That's wonderful ! ", 'On a holiday in France I made a walk in the woods all alone and very relaxed. Then a motorbike took me over and I saw the man watching all the time. Suddenly the man stood behing me and I ran away fast.', 'Being subject to unfair treatment in a working group, someone \\bending the rules\\" was protected by the boss. This resulted in more work for the others."', " Don't mention it . I'm always willing to help good students . ", 'When I met a good friend after a long time. We had had a quarrel but after two weeks I was really glad to see him again.', ' Yes . ', ' Do you have a ride home ? ', "I was less than 10 years old when our neighbour's dog chased me to the roof of a small shed and there seemed to be no hope of getting away from there.", " Of course ... here you are . I'm sorry the pajamas didn't work out for you . ", 'Receiving personal criticisms early in the morning.', 'Damaged the tap in the residental Hall.', 'He is cross at having to come here when his time with Enid is so short . ', 'Is ur child a worry wart? Here is a tip from, Wilma Jean the Worry Machine. Genuinely accept your child’s    ', 'When I was six years old we were on holiday in France. There was very heavy weather then.', 'I had to leave my girlfriend for 4 weeks because of my studies. This happens frequently. The last 24 hours before my departure are always very depressing.', ' Okay ... ', " Let's go on the computer to see what's up . Do you think you are doing well ? ", ' I like playing chess . ', 'I did a solo flight from Ardmore to Kaikohe before I got my pilot licence. I can remember it was gorgeous day and I was on a natural high, cruising up the coast with my maps and compasses and gear. Other pilots had seen me off and wished me good luck and it was a real adventure.', 'It was the prospect of finding gold that induced these excited men to make such frantic efforts to open out the barrow " . ', " It sure is . I'm glad it didn't rain . My name's Mike Gates , by the way . ", 'I was studying in class at night. I was in Form II by then. There were rumours about an earthquake. That night dogs were chasing one another and passed through the window outside the classroom. Those who saw the dogs thought it was a lion and were terrified. Trying to run away the desks were dragged and there was a shaking movement. I thought it was an earthquake and jumped out of the window.', ' Alright . ', ' $ 135 . ', "Sorry , I'm late . ", "is in me, being #afraid to lose once again #scares me, I'll be this way till proven wrong!", ' See you . ', 'When the mother of a good friend of mine died.', 'It was Saturday, my duties were over for a few hours and I could at last be with the people I wanted to see.', 'The news of the natural calamity, an earthquake in which hundreds  of Mexican people died.', " I don't care . I have a headache . ", 'My father had been involved in a car accident two years ago.  I was then very scared thinking that he would die as he lay unconscious in hospital for two weeks.', ' So do I . ', 'Politicians who objected to Mrs Thatcher and her radical conviction politics suffered the anguish of apparently unresolvable frustration . ', " I'm sorry , but I can't . ", ' Good idea . ', ' It sure is . ', ' He does everything so mindlessly that he is going to drive me crazy . ', ' Yeah , my head hurts , that ’ s all . I ’ Ve been in physics class all day . It ’ s killer ! ', "When I decided to leave my steady, secure employment to come to university. Because I didn't know if I could cope with all the requirements of study and also being older I didn't know if I would enjoy mixing with younger people, also financial insecurity.", 'When a thief broke into my house and stole some valuable goods.', ' I liked it . I thought it was great . ', 'They were on the top floor of an old house and he was very cold and very miserable . ', 'Because of what had happened , some of her excitement at the thought of seeing Czechoslovakia had ebbed . ', "It was as if Gillray 's avaricious monarch was more of an affront than the voluptuary suffering from the horrors of dissipation . ", "I have said we will be pleased to provide back-up with visitor 's packs etc and that I would inform you of the request . ", 'When he saw this he was further enraged and started towards the seer with an axe . ', "I don't need to swear to anything. Punch your mrs and you'll wake up with your dick on your pillow next to bloody scissors. .", 'When my grandmother died. She stayed with us until I had the age of 10. When she died I was 13 and I remember the moment after the funeral: I sat on the table and cried.', ' Wow ! Sure ! ', ' What do you mean ? My daddy gave me this car for my birthday last month . It ’ s brand new ! ', 'I was going to go on a vacation to Texas this summer but was unable to go because of registration.', 'Our son is gone and my heart is gone too . I don ’ t know how to spend the rest of my years . ', "A lot of people's biggest is #death and a lot of others is #clowns.. My biggest fear... Death by Clowns! There's nothing scarier!", ' Sure . ', "When I became conscious that men don't wnat anything they don't have a goal. They have: sex, but this isn't important.", ' Take it easy , all sufferings have their reward . ', ' my computer just crashed again for the third time today ! ', ' There is a wait right now to use the computers . ', ' Bye . ', ' You know , it\'s OK for a girl to forget these " big days " , but for a guy , to do that is unforgivable . ', ' Why ? ', 'I got angry when I learned how short a time we had to prepare for the term examinations.', 'I felt sad when I was told to walk out of the classroom because I was within the row of students who were making noise.', ' I usually ride my bike . Which form of transport do you prefer to use ? ', " You are passing the buck . I'll be hanged if I ask you to go to the park with us . ", "She says we 're happy to be in England but we are sad for our relatives . ", ' OK . ', 'This happened recently, I  was in the dining hall and one of my friends with whom I was eating called me a fool.', 'by @Drake  is still the realist song ever made by him. Way too explicit for fakes #RS', 'I once failed a test miserably and my friend did very well and someone made a nasty comment while comparing me to my friend.', 'My mother was unwell and went for many cancer tests. She spent time in hospital being opened and closed many times.', ' When I was your age , my parents didn ’ t have central heating like you do ! We had a furnace in the center of the living room and that was it . We used it to cook , heat the house and even dry our clothes ! We never caught a cold . You should be grateful ! ', '" A little offended , Bagshot put the key in the lock and opened the door . ', ' Sure . ', 'Being put down by the class leaders.', ' Yes , sir ? ', 'When males in my family try to assign house duties exclusively with referance to sex.', 'My current work load is too much.  The feeling comes back from time to time.', 'She did not look like a happy woman . ', ' Two waves ? ', 'When my husband suddenly came to see me at my new job and brought some flowers and cake with him.', ' Oh yes . Men , women , and children shake hands all the time . ', 'David coped with his grief by trying to save other youngsters from solvent abuse . ', " No , but now he'll be in trouble . What's a boyfriend for ? To forget about Valentine's Day ? ", 'At night, I walk home past a forest.  Once, somebody got stabbed in the forest.  I imagine someone attacking me and I hurry up.', ' I am not cheating . When you pass go , you collect $ 200 , Everyone knows that ! ', ' I requested it . What do you say ? Do you have your dancing shoes on ? ', '` I feel despair at being deceived and betrayed . ', "If my tears hold value, then I will drop one for every single thing you showed us ..and I'll be standing in a puddle . ", 'Getting separated from my family for a week caused me a sense of sadness.', 'When he came to the part about the clip he glanced up , and she saw the flare of excitement in his silvery-green eyes before they dropped once again to the page . ', " I don't care about that , Allen ! What did he steal ? That's the question ! ", ' 350 yuan . ', 'The moment I got the news that I had been selected for the U.G.C junior national research fellowship.  It was a dream come true.', 'When I had stayed abroad for a long time and I had remembered about my friends and relatives. I felt sad and I wanted to see them as soon as possible.', 'Glancing up at his face , Cassie saw his expression change , his face darkening and hardening as his mounting excitement and desire seemed to quicken into something uncontainable , threatening , like the tide of an incoming sea , to engulf them both . ', 'I have a friend that I deeply trusted but it happened that I lost my confidence in her for which she herself was to blame.', 'When felt lonely about writing my family.', 'As the time to get the results drew near I became more and more anxious.  My friend called me and said, \\ You have passed.\\"  My heart was full of joy."', 'After seeing an \\uncertain\\" child work on a model for several hours, I watched a \\"bully\\" of the same age destroy it, telling the child that it was worthless."', 'When a few girls were talking rubbish about me.', ' Thank you . ', '4 years ago my family decided to move from New York to California. From the time we decided to move until the time we left, I realized how much my friends cared for me. When we left and for a long time after that I was very sad.', "I felt sadness when I notice that I'm not important for a determinate person. We do many things for a friend, and we see soon after, that he doesn't do anything for us, nor thinks of us.", " It's nice of you to say so . ", ' Right . ', ' What is it ? ', 'When I found out I got accepted to Berkeley.', 'I gave my mom a gift she wanted for years. I raflected her joy.', "I'm crazy about football. When my team lost a goal in the Paulist championship, and so it lost the classifications.", ' Like what ? ', " I've searched everywhere . Where on earth did I put it ? ", ' Oh , my god . ', ' They arrested me for nothing . ', ' John is in prison now.He was copped outstealing . ', ' I really have no idea . All I know is that the thought of him really curls my hair ! ', 'Last year I had a friend visiting me for several days. The only thing he did was sleeping, drinking, taking pills and thinking only about himself.', ' What is it ? ', 'My father accused my brother of having bumped his car, and it was wrong.', 'When I had passed MCE examinations.', ' Aha ! Now I understand.You were trying to buy stolen goods on the sidewalk.So , what I think is , you deserve to get cheated ! ', 'When my father addressed me directly and maliciously, thus including me in the \\family war\\"."', " It's not a cut . It's a gash ! It's bigger than a cut ! Ah ! I need a doctor . ", 'The Spaniard was becoming agitated again , wondering whether he had already gone too far . ', 'My girlfriend gave me the mitten (left me).', 'Highly delighted with the transaction , we made our way back to Althorp Street , wondering how we were to break the news to Mrs Sugden . ', 'At this stage you are normally expected to experience grief when the main feeling is shock . ', "When i was asked to be a child's godmother.", '` She felt that would have caused pain and anguish to William and Harry . " ', "My nephew's mother just left one day (my brother and she were not married). My nephew, Anthony, was shaken. I was sad for him because a similar situation happened to me.", "I'd just got the top mark in an exam.", ' Well ... ', 'I found myself involved in a fight in which a person died and I had to intervene with some risk.', 'Once I had an argument with my friends and I knew that I was right.  My friends went on arguing with me even though they did not know the right thing.', ' I would if I were you . ', 'Being together with my best friend.', 'Was his sadness tinged with guilt ? ', " I'm afraid not , sir . ", " Here we are . You find us a table and I'll get the drinks . ", 'The process of spotting and refusing to obey it is the source of all true #empowerment. -Martha Beck', "I was very very angry to read Batty 's comments about Leeds . ", ' I guess so . ', "Don't let grab your tongue nor let it confine  your #heart #life is too short to live an #mundane #existence ~milla", ' Shandong . ', 'Rose stood looking down at her , a worried expression in her eyes . ', 'I had climbed on a cherry tree alone and there was a thick caterpillar beside my fingers. I feel disgusted by caterpillars and snakes. I was terribly afraid of the caterpillar crawling on my fingers. Out of the fear I was almost unable to climb down.', 'Riot police were needed to quell pitch invasions. -- More than 200,000 ecstatic Leeds United fans took part in a carnival-style street party yesterday as their team paraded the League Championship trophy . ', 'Have you signed up to join the company ’ s Christmas party ? ', 'Food for thought: falling and loud noises are the only fears we are born with - all others are learned through life experiences.  ', " No way . I've given you too many chances already . ", "When I knew almost the same day about two great friends of mine that had serious existential crisis, and mainly when I notice that I'm in the same situation that they are, but I didn't realize it.", 'When I entered the dissecting room for the anatomy class and saw several dead bodies lying on the benches.', ' That ’ s exactly what I am going to do ! I ’ Ve decided to create my own company ! I ’ m going to write up a business plan , get some investors and start working for myself ! ', 'I may not be clever enough to understand your English lectures.', ' Ten . ', "Achievement of a task by a friend who had begun a new job. She wasn't confident of handling the situation so was thinking  of leaving the job only after 2 days employment.", ' But I still love you . ', ' You ’ Ve got to be kidding me ! You ’ re complaining about me talking on the phone when you go out for a cigarette break ten times a day to shoot the breeze ? ', ' Aug 8 . ', '@VanessaDetwiler is not necessarily a bad thing,as long as it does not compromise ability and desire to recognize and embrace #Truth.', 'I was told quite unexpectedly that one wanted me to become the vice-chairman of our student organisation.  I was really surprised and joy was the first emotion I felt, though behind it there was worry - how shall I succeed ?', ' Are you a football player ? ', 'When my father passed away in 1978.  I was left alone with my mother who was very sick so I had to go and live with my aunt, who is very short tempered, till my mother was discharged from the hospital.', ' Very nice . Thank you for your time . ', 'As Antoinette grew weaker , and left her bed hardly at all , she became frightened to be left alone . ', ' I ’ m sorry , sir . Could you tell me your name and order again , please ? I ’ ll check on the delay . ', 'When I was told to attend an operation in theatre.', 'In the end he had little real choice but to join in and , if not exactly enjoy it , at least to take comfort in her gratification . ', "I couldn't sleep, and began to remind of my childhood. We are many sisters and at that time we were spanked a lot and I don't know why I started to remind of the spanks they and I had had, their shouts when this happened.", 'That afternoon I rushed home to look at the result slip of the higher level as fast as possible.  I opened the envelope very carefully and found that my results were much better than I had expected and thus I could enter the Chinese university.  My diligence had paid and I was very happy.', " I'll certainly try to help you.What topic is your paper on ? ", 'My superior blamed me for some neglects at work in front of others.  In fact, the task in question was not supposed to be done by me.', 'I have a new born child.', " There's nothing definite I think . I don't have a list or anything , but when I first meet somebody , I can usually tell whether or not that person is going to be a good friend . It seems I have radar helping me spot new friends . ", 'An unjust refree decision at a sports event when I was the team leader.', ' Silly boy ! The dustbin is at the back of the school . Now pick up the paperand put it in the dustbiri . ', 'Someone in my family (my brother I suspected) ate a bun which I had made for myself. It was during a long telephone call after I had just made it and put it in the oven warming drawer.', 'I get angry when my smaller brother misbehaves and talks with indecent words.', ' I just don ’ t want to play table tennis any more . ', ' Of course . ', 'When Tina and the children moved into the School , Cecilia felt both dismay and guilty relief . ', '` I am vexed , John . ', 'Emily suddenly felt a surge of elation , she was eager for the new experience of being introduced into what she considered was the world of adulthood . ', ' You said the same thing three months ago . ', ' Great ! Wait here ? You don ’ t have enough room for the amplifiers , microphones or even your drums ! By the way where do you keep them or practice ? ', 'He says old Plumpton gets mad at them . ', 'After passing my Malawi Certificate of Education Exam and being selected to Kamuzu College of Nursing.', "Going to a disco by myself to wait for some friends. We had separated and hadn't planned where to meet. I wasn't sure if they were even going to this place so I felt very conscious of being alone.", ' I see . What ’ s it like there ? ', 'When my brother went to shoot wild ducks, I feared that the boat would overturn and he would drown or that the gun would accidentally go off.', 'I was playing in a football tournament and saw the rules openly disregarded.', 'When I pass an exam.', '@GodSpurs Gotta be Vanners for me, more deadly more reliable! AND even if he werent (which I think he is) the opposition think he is !', ' How short ? ', 'What ? ', " I'm dead serious about this , Sally . ", ' Yes , I think you ’ re right . I ’ m thinking about having a child , but not just yet . ', 'In a cottage in a large forest, I was alone for a while in the dark.', 'When I heard about the death of my aunt.', 'Being treated unfairly and being hurt by someone I love.', 'Whether the cries of anguish for 1991 alone are justified remains to be seen . ', 'I was living with my brother and one day he went away on business and I was left alone to look after the house and the property. At night thieves came and wanted to break into the house.', '` All her colleagues are devastated , she was a popular wee girl . " ', 'My brother and I were driving to Brisbane when he drove back onto the road, perhaps cutting off another car but not noticeable - this driver did his best to drive us off the road for about 1/2 an hour.', ' Until when ? ', ' What is that ? ', "When I met with friends that I hadn't seen for a long time.", ' Go ahead . ', 'When on a car journey a fellow student crossed our way with his own car and we had to bump into a roadside trunk.', 'A friend whom I had gone out of my way to do something for did not bother to acknowledge my efforts, and treated me badly thereafter.', "When my boyfriend wouldn't dance with me on my graduation night because he thought I could dance with my friends who were friendly.", ' Fine too . ', 'It was performance that drew applause from a press corps relieved to be approaching the end of at least the first election campaign this year , and brought smiles to previously glum ministerial faces . ', ' Wow ! So many people in the United States get divorced ! ', "I remember you, this feeling isn't new.& please don't be scared of me. ", 'People are becoming more and more concerned about the healthiness of their diet and way of life . ', 'I received a letter of acceptance from university.', ' The sea water treatments are supposed to be really good for you . ', ' Thank you very much . ', 'I remember my despondency in 1926 when Abd al Karim was forced to surrender to the French . ', 'I finished my homework; an important task.', 'She gazed at Ruth , and her face seemed to fill up with horror . ', ' Thanks . ', "I should have given a test lesson to get a job. I had no courage. I didn't make the test.", 'When I saw the movie \\Poltergist\\"."', 'It is difficult to tell whether they are disappointed or pleased when the expected end seems delayed . ', ' Let ’ s go for a joy ride . ', 'My mother suffers from a mental illness.  One night she was not feeling well and was sent to the hospital.  I was scared that she would die, and all night I was very sad and did not dare to close my eyes.', " That's fine , because if I leave , then your rules won't matter . ", "She thought she had given him a very tricky word , one that he wouldn't yet have learned , and she was peeved that he had succeeded . ", " Today , I'm told I failed three courses . ", "Sometimes our bodies and minds seek excuses to experience griefs that we may have put aside or denied because we couldn't face them at the time . ", ' Not very much . Classical music sends me to sleep ', ' Lucy is known as a social butterfly . She has taken many rich men for a ride , you know . ', 'And she said absurd things, false things that filled my ears and inflated my head which seemed to be caught in a carcass where the heart wanted to explode and where the arm wanted to knock down the world.', " Don't worry . Anyway , you are better than me . ", "I was in a car accident on the way back from a weekend rowing regatta we'd won. 5 others were in the car. I thought I'd never be able to row again.", 'All through his life , though Ken could be austere and stubborn to a point which provoked exasperation , his evident holiness was so blended with cheerfulness that he seldom lost the admiration and affection of his contemporaries . ', 'my entire drunken family is trying to get me to play just dance. this is horendous.   ', 'Having quarreled with a boyfriend, he threatened to leave me.', 'It was August 30th when I heard on the radio that I passed my M.C.E. exams and I was really happy and joyous because of the event.', ' Like what ? ', ' Why not ? ', 'After some time of work I was transferred to another place and in an other quite harder job.', '` I should think you \'re pleased , aren\'t you ? " asked Charles genially . ', 'When I was ditched by my girlfriend.', ' No.Why ? ', " Well , I didn't clean the house and I didn't study . I stayed in bed and watched TV . ", ' I am not in the mood . ', 'She crammed more living into her 30 years than most people experience in two lifetimes , according to her heartbroken parents Ken and Diana . ', ' we were planning on walking both ways since the weather is still nice . ', 'Traveling as the only female in a railway carriage in the middle of the night in Italy.', " I've searched everywhere . Where on earth did I put it ? ", ' Ok . ', ' My car run out of petrol . ', "All during the night , over and over again , she had found it absurd that she 'd ever considered herself a happy woman . ", 'I found that most parents were initially rather shocked at finding out their daughter was pregnant , some cried , some got angry , some were very matter-of-fact , and some were quite pleased . ', 'Having a car accident.', "Not having entered art competitions before , I 'm delighted to have reached the finals . ", 'An unjust calumny concerning me.', ' Both , but the rules of playing cards vary in different places . ', 'When I was left alone at home one night by my brother.', ' Oh . ', 'When I entered in the University after a year of struggles.', 'I really like the record you lent me the other day . ', 'When, after a long time, I saw a girl with whom I was in love.', 'I took part in a football match. The referee was extremely partial to the opposite team. This stirred up my discontent and anger.', 'It happened when I lost two very intimate friends in a car accident.', " I'm very sorry for that , but I sent you several messages to explain , my mom was seriously ill , and I had to look afer her . ", ' Well , you can keep the vegetables , I ’ ll take the meat . The stir fry my wife made was really hearty , with chunks of beef and slivers of bell peppers and onion ... ', ' That ’ s all I need . ', 'Doing anatomy alone for the first time.', ' It is impossible . You cheated on me . ', 'I had an accident with a trafic police car that was packed at a curve without any visibility and against all traffic regulations in a strong snowstorm. As a result I still cannot repair my car because of the missing spare parts.', ' Look , there are other ways to quit . You can try the nicotine patch , or nicotine chewing gum . We spend a fortune on cigarettes every month and now laws are cracking down and not allowing smoking in any public place . It ’ s not like you can just light up like before . ', 'Can think of no time that I have felt fear.', "Some months ago my wife gave birth to twin sisters. She had no idea of looking after babies and she felt quite oppressed. The fact that I couldn't help her caused grief to me.", 'When I was walking at night, I saw fire suspended in the air and it was split into several segments by something I could not see.  I suspected that it was witch-craft.', 'My 80 year old grandfather underwent three successive operations during a single year.  The third operation was risky and I was scared that he would die and feared that my grandmother would be very sad.', 'One day my room-mate started imitating me, doing what I had done a few hours back.  I got very angry and started beating him up.', "When my roommate's moped was stolen I was very angry.", ' Spring . ', "A CITY 'S terror-stricken minicab drivers are threatening to quit their jobs in fear after the murder of a young cabbie . ", '" Dear God , " he said , beginning to get rattled . ', 'My uncle passed away last night . ', ' Mumm . no . ', "I felt sad when my dear friend was needed from training school due to his failure in a number of subjects and simply didn't know what he had to do.", 'Blanche was disquieted but not sure why . ', ' Medicine . ', 'When I met a girl and asked her for a date and she agreed, (I thought this girl would never like me), this was an emotion of joy.', ' The dog bit the delivery boy . ', 'After one alarmed glance at her apoplectic face , Mr Loveitt said smoothly : ` I think we should get back to the facts . ', 'Finding out that China is still backward in science.', 'I was very sad when I could not take the M.A (I) exams due to illness, and a relative of mine disheartened me about it.', ' See you . ', 'I am surely not alone in feeling profoundly sad over the so-called reprieve of certain regiments in the British Army . ', "My grandmother is a highly authoritative person, who lives alone, is independent, but doesn't know to live without commanding the others. I hate this!", 'When my family and I heard of the death of my grandfather.  We had  seen him a few weeks earlier and it seemed that he had just been waiting to see us.', 'When I received the best actor award at the inter-college drama competition.  It gave me tremendous joy and satisfaction which lasted for several days.', "With such obvious delight in food , it 's hard to see how Blanc remains so slim . ", ' Good . ', ' I feel very nervous about it . ', ' Yeah ? ', 'When a close friend, residing in the hostel, lost his father I really pittied him and the situation made me feel sad.', 'How have you been ? ', ' John . ', 'He was not overwhelmed with grief for Kit , but evidently his eyes felt otherwise . ', ' Ok . ', 'I seem to be more nervous in that way than I once was . ', "When I meet old past pupils of mine - and find they are all doing well - I feel joy. Yesterday I met a young woman (20 yrs) I'd taught her at 6 yrs, then at 12 yrs and hadn't seen her for last 3-4 yrs; she was no longer a waitress but a meter maid for Council.", 'A grenade blew out next to me.', "If my Mam got mad with me for something I 'd done -- or more often something I hadn't done -- she used to make moaning noises and stagger about the house as if she was dying . ", ' What a thrilling trip ! ', ' Yes , Steven . You always know what I want . ', 'The Americans were petrified of Communism , and believed Communists were aiming for world domination , via the ` domino effect " of one country after another falling to it . ', 'Hi , Ann . ', 'When a classmate hit me on my occipital region when I was busy studying and concentrating on my classnotes.', ' That sounds great . So , do you want to have dinner at 6:00 ? ', 'When I fell in love.', ' No ... ', ' well , last night I had a big argument with Ann . ', 'When my dog died.', 'I don\'t suppose you \'re overjoyed that I \'ve got a friend in the rival camp . " ', 'May , look at this mess ! You threw waste everywhere . ', 'When I was accepted for further education, here at the university.', " I don't like Folk music very much . ", "i DONT want to be one of the people God denys when its judgement day , that's my !", 'Sue gets cross about that . ', 'Joy of giving birth, and of sharing that joy with my husband. Moments of complete happiness and feelings of so much love.', "They should make a 24hours a day Reese Witherspoon channel, I wouldn't change the channel #3amtweets", 'I felt it when I was at home and saw a discussion without sense between my parents.', 'When my mother slapped me in the face, I felt anger at that moment.', " Sorry , sir , you have to pay in the check-out counter . It's there . ", 'Away from the defence debate Dr Mowlam also yesterday spoke of her despair at the growing homeless problem in her constituency . ', " I had one , but I didn't like the job very much . I wanted to attend graduate school , but I was afraid it would be too tough . ", 'When they gave away my dog to other people without my knowledge.', 'Relatives , too , seem concerned about lack of communication and the ` unavailability of the nurses " . ', 'I am a school teacher. At a teacher-parent meeting I received a good deal of positive feed-back on my work both from the parents and through them from the pupils.', 'Getting sent on a company expense trip to another state to work for a week at that plan.', ' Yeah , his attitude is great , but he ’ s really unreliable . Sometimes he ’ s really productive , but then other times ... take last Tuesday for instance , he was forty-five minutes late for our morning meeting ! ', "I felt fear when once I was asleep and dreamed that I was dying asfixiated by a cardiac attack, I was afraid and woke up desperate. Altough I wasn't afraid of death I was afraid.", 'When I left New York, and all my family and my friends behind me.', ' He had a lot of nerve telling us our ads sucked . ', 'Berthon was livid at one of his cars being butchered but had to acknowledge that it handled better . ', " There will be a parents ' meeting in our class this Saturday and I am worried about it . ", 'I was very sad when I did not get admission in the English college, as I had 1% less marks than they wanted.', 'Do you have any idea what time it is ? ', 'When I was told that a good friend was seriously ill.', 'The next morning I awoke anxious over what had happened . ', 'When I came back from my holidays.', "The government's announcement of the withdrawal of the student allowances in 1984.", 'The death of an animal we had reared.', 'I remember that when I was in school I saw a case of partiality - one of the teachers gave private coaching classes to some girls and she would give these girls extra attention in class and would ignore the others.', ' Yeah . And I never want to go again . ', ' Turtles ? Whatever ... Look , all that ’ s required for the creation of matter an imbalance of particles and anti-particles . At least , that ’ s what the math says . ', 'This happened when it was finally confirmed that I had stood first in the university for the M.A exams.  A few days before the official results were declared a clerk had brought the results unofficially.  So I had been expecting the results but the confirmation allowed me to legitimately feel happy at my success. ', 'I met again a very good friend whom I had not seen for a long time.', 'When I got to know about the reaction of a friend of mine in a certain situation.  I had not expected him to react that way.', ' At school , in China.This is my first time to be out of my own country . ', 'When my grandfather died.', 'Or was it just fear that paralysed her , like a frightened rabbit ? ', "The journey was taken at a leisurely pace because of the trailer , yet , despite her dejection , Matt 's reminiscences caused it to pass rapidly . ", 'I was given a wristwatch by my first girl and after two days another girl of mine also gave me a wristwatch.', 'When my dress and a few other things were stolen from my wardrobe.', 'Watching a horror film.', 'My best friend suddenly acting strange towards me.', ' We ’ re doomed ! ', 'When I met friends I had not seen for the last 2-4 years.', 'A night spent with a group of friends.', 'An anguished groan escaped her , the certain knowledge hers that both she and Cara could say goodbye to that interview for ever if she breathed a word of the truth to him . ', 'He was more frightened than he had been in all the time he had been with them , and he could tell that the girl was frightened too , by her quick , shallow breathing . ', ' Just as usual , you know . ', ' We do many things . In the morning , we go swimming and boating . In the afternoon , we play basketball or tennis . We sit around a camp fire at night.We sing or tell stories . ', "At a friend's birthday party with some of my closest friends.  It was all very pleasant and one could say that I was happy to have such good friends.", 'I was walking in the wood at night with my boyfriend. Very romantic. Suddenly I heard a car driving very slowly with the lights out, it looked as if they were looking for something.', 'I sent a book to a friend of mine.  The book meant a lot to me and he lost it.', " Where have you been , Alice , you're over an hour late . ", ' I feel terrible now . ', 'Do you like cooking ? ', 'When I called my boyfriend he asked me if I would live with him.', ' Yes , I received the scholarship 3 times on end . ', 'She \'s in a lot of pain , and is extremely anxious about her condition . " ', 'One insider said last week : ` The sheer anger of people has taken everybody by surprise . ', 'When I went to visit a friend in the hospital. She had to undergo an operation for rupture. I was glad to hear that the operation succeeded and that she was relieved of her pain.', " That sounds fine . I'll be there around seven . ", 'When I was 7-8 years old, I woke up one night and found myself alone at home.  My mother had gone out to buy cigarattes from a machine.', ' OK . ', ' What a pity ! ', 'I feared that I would not be able to hand in the book-report on time as I had started working very late.  The book was difficult to read and my teacher did not accept my work as it was handed in late.', 'My sweatheart were away on a trip, and then she got problems.', 'I got an A in anatomy - the first one I have ever gotten in a science class here.', ' Yes . ', ' Yeah . Anyway he is driving me mad . ', "When I did not get admission in M.Sc after my B.Sc, I felt really bad.  When I started my journey to Bombay, after having accepted my uncle's offer to come to Bombay, I was afraid, wondering if I  would succeed or not. ", ' No problem . ', 'I was walking alone in the street late at night (2.30 am). It was very quiet. Then a man approached me and said \\Hello\\"."', " I'm afraid you'll have to find a parking meter . ", "Hey , Mary , nice to see you again . I heard you're going back home to the U . S . ", 'Big thanks to @JoeyRyanOnline for the picture. Made my night ', ' I am also impressed with the lines in the movie . ', ' Lily Smith . ', ' The brain ! ', ' Oh , poor Alan ! His sister is the only one he has left since his parents died last year . ', "I was to be given an audition to get a role. I had a competitress and I wasn't well prepared because I was ill.", 'A despondent Renault worker remarked , ` It seems to me that we came very close to something new . " ', 'When my close friend was involved in an accident and passed away instantly.  He had gone to buy a new car and had asked me to wait at his home so that I could see his new car.', 'Kagan was deeply concerned that his access to the child was limited . ', 'When I came back to my hostel, my bed was full of newspapers and dirty clothes.  My room-mate asked me to wash the clothes for him as he had no time (this was his responsibility).  The food we shared had been eaten up by him (I ate little).', 'Inter-national sports events won by my favourite national team or player brings me joy, e.g when India won the World cup cricket match.', 'I am scared of me. Listen to more milli by drake', " That's great . Let's go skating together tomorrow . ", ' Just what I thought ! ', " I'm being attacked by hordes of cockroaches ! ", "Someone didn't show up at a meeting in spite of having agreed to come.", 'When I learnt of the death of a friend.', 'William was inconsolable and , unable to settle at home , continued to travel extensively . ', ' It ’ s a wonderful Spanish style . ', "These problems can vary in intensity from parents concerned about how to wean , to parents ' neglecting and underfeeding their children . ", " It's scary . ", 'When my mother entered surgery for a quadruple heart bypass. I felt intense fear at the time she was actually wheeled away.', 'My girlfriend who had spent 6 months abroad broke off our relationship by letter.', ' Hey ! ', ' How do I log on to the computer ? ', 'When I was insulted by a fellow student.', 'Death of brother.', 'After attending a song contest proposed by a band called \\Chyne\\" we (6 of us) waited for the members of the band to greet us in front of the stage.  We went out after a few minutes as it was time to close the hall.  We had been waiting at the entrance hall for ten minutes when three of the band members came out.  They were very excited to see us, one of them was so excited that he had tears in his eyes.  We felt very warm and close to each other.  They took us back into the hall and we talked freely.  We were together for about an hour and during this time we felt that they were very sincere."', 'An utterance, which I had intended to be a joke, was taken as an offence.  In my opinion, this was stupid, and I got angry.', 'Before an exam.', 'Got a big fish in fishing.', 'A film on zombies.', '` I am sad we have not been afforded the same welcome given to the Beirut hostages , " he told a deeply moved audience at the AGM last month . ', ' Look , we have a lot of accumulated anger from working in these conditions , and it ’ s probably okay to let off steam once in a while . But , it ’ s probably not a good idea to keep it up I ’ m willing to forgive and forget and if you are . ', 'Hi , Francis , how was your business trip ? ', 'I had drunk a couple of beers and my fiancee got angry at me.', " I'm about to be swept away by millions of cockroaches ! ", ' I sometimes find the shadow of death in front of me . ', 'A couple of years ago during the summer holiday, I was fishing at a lake with my husband.  Suddenly it started raining while the sun was still shining. I experienced a feeling of joy, happiness and fulfillment.  the whole nature was full of music.', ' You said it . I always count on him when I need his help . ', 'Scoared a goal in a football match.', "The day I was happiest was the day when I received a phone call from Eve's Weekly to inform me that I had won the first prize of the All India Essay competition.  I had won this prize when I was an under-graduate when even post graduates had participated.  I had been judged by eminent judges and political scientists.", '` You think of everything , don\'t you ? " she said with a delighted smile . ', 'This situation keeps occurring - when my little sister disagrees with me or vice-versa. We have very similar temperaments and I always end up feeling angry at her and myself for fighting so much over unimportant trivial matters.', 'When in a car accident where car was total wipe off (wipe out, or write off).', ' We ’ re in the same boat ! I ’ Ve eaten fast food the whole week . I hate it now . ', ' You do ? ', ' See you . ', 'I am thinking about death, the eternal of it, the unknown, the sense of being here. Often, laying in bed in the dark and quiet, the fear makes me feel dizzy.', 'EVERYDAY IS A GAME CALL IT FACTOR', ' I ... I failed to pass the examination . How I wish I had studied hard . ', ' For example ? ', ' You are ! ', ' Certainly . ', " I'm sorry to have bothered you . ", 'My brother in law was dying of cancer. To see him wasting away was very sad.', 'When my mother was angry with me over my friends and boyfriend.', ' I just lost my job , and I am unsure about being able to find another one . ', 'Many supporters of Dr McNab exchanged glances of dismay at the words they had just heard . ', ' Yes , sir . ', ' Not bad.Thank you for your help . I am always busy with this job , I feel a bit tired . ', 'There was a hint of exasperation in his voice . ', 'When I was convinced that someone had broken into my flat and I woke up and heard sounds that frightened me.', ' Thanks . ', ' Yes . ', 'I used to stutter a lot in those days , I was a very frightened boy . ', ' What are we going to do now ? ', "I had a discussion with my mother concerning my sister's divorce, we disagreed strongly.", 'When being made look a fool by the teacher in front of the class during a turn.', ' You forgot it last year as well . ', "Michelle did not raise her head from Tess 's shoulder and the resentful words were muffled . ", 'I went to the prayer meeting at night and unfortunately the car broke down, so my other sister said I had to walk alone from Ndirande to Chirimba at around midnight. So we reached home at 1 am. I was afraid of robbers and dardness.', ' Right ! ', "remember: if you serve pork today and you see one of your friends/family avoid it, they're probably muslim terrorists. report them! ", ' But she did and made me disappointed . ', 'Friend (male) hinted that my talking to other men at a pub was immoral. He implied that I should remain only with my boyfriend the entire evening.', 'I passed an exam that I was absolutely certain that I had failed.', ' No . ', 'Lady followed her example rather than suffer at the hands of her infuriated master . ', 'Her expression became dreamy , ecstatic . ', "I've a situation of responsibility an employee who had a habit of being late, came late again after promising to say he would be at work in a few minutes, then arrived 3 hours later. He had been drinking.", 'This things appear to be true but I know for sure its false ', 'I have a very close friend who lives in another city and we have been writing to each other for a long time.  The last time I went to her city, just to see her, I was disappointed to see how great the distance between us was.', ' Thank you for you help . ', ' nothing ', 'if your heart is filled with faith then you cant let go an let #God deal with it!', ' Yeah . ', ' Hope so . ', ' My father failed in business . ', 'Hello ! What are you reading about in the newspaper ? ', " You are such an expert on it . I don't know that . ", 'After the term exams I happened to meet a person that I respect and of whom I think very highly. It was nice that although we see each other rarely he had not forgotten me.', 'His two thumbs rotated about one another as they always did when he was agitated and looking for a way to strike . ', ' Very much.What time ? ', 'Much pressure can overtly or unwittingly be put on grown up children , to provide grandchildren for the delight of the grandparents . ', " I'm sorry . I think we're out of this skirt in this color . Do you want me to call another one of our store to see if it's available there ? ", 'My joy was the joy of meeting again.  My husband came home after having been away for weeks (for work).  I was on the railway station to meet him.', 'You told me psychology can help people to be happier.', 'At an unjust insult or injure.', " I'm in such a need of the job that I can't afford any mistakes . ", 'When I passed my final examination at school.', " it can't be that bad . ", 'You ignored the fact that we could not hear you at the back.', ' Sure , which beach are we going to ? ', ' What do you mean by saying so ? ', 'When a certain boy went about saying that I am his girlfriend. I wrote him an insulting letter to him and called him names.', 'This sounds really predictable and usual but it was absolutely heart-rending at the time. My first lover (I was 15) just rang up one day and announced that he had found another woman. I never saw him again and it hurt because I was positive that it was \\TRUE LOVE\\" !!"', ' And why are you yarning now ? Are you bored ? ', ' Just okay . ', 'The mood was despairing , despondent , and war-weary -- apathetic rather than rebellious . ', " Yeah , I heard it's going to be a lot of fun . ", ' Oh , no ! ', "Who can honestly say that they have never been consumed by that intense annoyance , never felt that burning but wrenching tension and anger at life 's petty frustrations . ", 'The first week I was at the school , I attempted to climb a tree , and was reproved by a horrified prefect . ', 'Death of my father.', " Don't worry.He is an acrobat 。 ", ' Sorry , Becky can ’ t come to the phone right now . ', " Oh , I'm afraid I'll be busy tomorrow evening . ", ' Well , I am under a lot of pressure . My boss is very pushy . He assigned me three projects . Now the deadlines are near , and I still have not finished all of my projects . ', ' Sure . ', 'When someone in my family died.', " Isn't it awful ? I can't bear to look at it . I don't think I can stand this place for two weeks . ", " Thanks . Now let's decide which one of these suits looks best for this occasion . ", ' I am sorry , sir . We are booked until 9:10 . ', 'Their findings indicate measurable differences between normal and depressed women . ', "I'm very worried , doctor . I'm afraid that I'm very ill . ", ' I hope so . ', 'My husband and I were invited at the house of our neighbors then we got an invitation on the part of my parents which we had to refuse. A a result they called me by words that provoked my anger.', "Far from experiencing simple gratitude , such children will most likely feel terribly torn and anxious when faced with their foster parents ' offer of affection . ", ' Certainly . ', 'When my little sister was born.', 'i mean for you to hate it,not me.i love it,but there are a few people in for a rude awakening. is it in you?lmao!!!!!', 'Happy anniversary , sweetheart ! ', 'Diana took the criticism to heart , avidly read what was being said about her and became depressed and despondent . ', 'Doctor McCann turned an exasperated face away and addressed himself to Peg . ', 'A dark night when I had to go to the outdoor lavatory.', ' See you then . ', "Sven Hjerson 's lugubrious face lit up in a brief smile . ", 'Saying goodbye to a friend.', ' Dammit ! I asked for sunny side up ! How many times do I have to tell you . ', "My friend and I had offended our classmate unintentionally.  We wanted to apologize to her so we decided to visit her.  We knew that she was stubborn so we were frightened.  When we rang her door bell, our fear was at it's climax", ' Laptop . ', 'There are periods when we feel totally inconsolable . ', "Ann , it's terrible ! ", "A large german shepherd dog ran and barked at me (he didn't bite fortunately).", 'Two years ago, somebody I like very much wanted to give up his studies. I tried to make him understand the importance of what he was going to do, not only of the difficulty to find a job but also because he will decrease his culture etc. This person made the test to the college entrance examination and to our great joy we found out that he succeded in entering at the University.', " You can't be serious . How dare you not tell me you are going to marry her ? ", ' OK . ', 'Being told that I have not got a personality.', " I have been working on it for a whole month and it's too late to write another . Just think of all my hard work that goes for nothing . How could I do such a thing ? ", ' Yeah , you are right . I must stop complaining and stick to it every day . ', ' Right . ', 'Talking with someone I admire a lot.', ' I need to use the Internet . ', 'The emotion came when a certain boy opened my locker without my knowledge.', 'I was very joyful when I heard that I had passed the standard 8 exams. The day I heard the news was the day I celebrated my birthday.', 'My friend took me to Civo Stadium to watch and listen to the music of the International singer Sam Mangwana. I had no hope of going there since I had no money so he gave me the money for admission.', 'Hearing that I had been successful in getting a position whereby my financial, physical, spiritual and emotional needs will be well catered for. This position fulfils a lot of my aims for the last five years of my life.', 'Do you think they two will get married ? ', ' Please . ', 'Watching a horror movie with friends.', 'His face darkened with anger . ', '@bechouston thanks 4 having me. Great seeing u. Hope u home safe. BED  hanging here  ', 'I caught a \\peeping tom\\" at my window when I was getting undressed."', 'When a class-mate died.', ' Just get out of my face ! ', 'I was on a class excursion, by boat to Stockholm.  At night my class mates prepared to celebrate their motive in life which was \\life is merriment\\".  I felt depressed about the way they sought happiness."', " I can't believe this for it's been 20 years since we got married . ", ' His face broke out and he said it was my fault ! ', 'Made a wonderful driend who understands me.', " You only say that because you don't have to work with him.The people in your department seem so capable and nice to be around.Take Mary for example.She ' s smart and enthusiastic . I've never met anyone as cheery as she is . ", " You can't do that ! You can't charge me for a mistake that you made ! ", 'While tramping on a narrow path two of us were confronted by a woman with two snarling dogs, demanding we get off the property - via a flooded river !', 'Made mistakes in exam.', "There was a trace of exasperation in his voice as he said : ` I 've told my promoter Dan Duva that I want to fight all those contenders that the people want me to fight . ", ' I couldn ’ t agree more . That ’ s an ideal place for a vacation . ', ' Good idea . ', 'While playing indoor-hockey, there always is an older man who frequently and intentionally plays the ball out of the field. In my opinion this is very childish, because we play for fun only.', 'She grinned , delighted at this mind-reading . ', 'When I dreamt that my family was in trouble and was facing many difficulties.', "My mother kicked my surrogate father out and he in turn did not care for the dog, Afthur, he bought for the family. His lack of concern lead tho Arthur's death on the freeway. I loved Arthur like a brother. He was easy to talk to.", ' Why not ? ', "I made the college entrance examinations for P.U.C. It was what I wanted more. When the first list came out I got frustrated. I wasn't in. When the second list came out without hopes I started to read the newspaper and my name was thre. I was in the bus and felt like crying so that everybody could hear me. The cry was hold, and 1982 became forever a mask in my life.", 'One night, while I was sleeping, I woke up suddenly with the sensation that there was someone in my room.', 'And while she sounded sympathetic , she was in reality infuriated with Doreen . ', ' 812 . ', 'He was at the graveside looking mournful and interesting . ', 'Emotional  is less tangible and far more powerful than physical risk. #innovate #creativity #DFMA', 'I was given a gift by my sister. There were many pleasant things in this parcel.', 'When I was punished in school for no serious mistake of mine.', 'Standing in a crowed shop or in a closed room with too much people in it. This gives me a fearful experience.', 'Behind her she heard Emilia say , ` I think the child will be quite desolate to see me go . ', "When I was accused of having planned my friend's outing at secondary school (boarding) as we were not allowed to go out.", ' Don ’ t criticize Mario or else I ’ ll start on those fat , drunk friends of yours ; they ’ re no saints . ', " Pretty good . There was a bit of turbulence while we were over the Pacific Ocean but it wasn't too bad . The worst thing was the guy behind me . He snored all through the night ! ", 'He had thus been forced to hide his ignorance , which ill became a bohemian poet , when the trial burst upon a horrified society . ', ' Poor child ! ', "Minute shards of glass slashed across Rohmer 's ecstatic face . ", ' Is that so ? ', ' Oh , I see . ', 'Then we killed her , and I felt frightened of her . ', 'The day that there was a black-out in the city, and I was in an exposition, I felt fear that something more serious was happening, like a revolution for example.', 'Last Summer I was walking along the beach in a bikini and an awful man came cycling after me.  He was shouting and I ran as fast as my legs could carry me.', " I'm not at all convinced . Tomorrow is Saturday ! ", 'Oh man ! I ’ Ve been starving myself for days now and I haven ’ t lost an ounce ! ', 'Due to some reasons my boyfriend and I decided to separate.', ' No problem . ', 'He felt increasingly irritated and despondent . ', " Let's say about 6:00 ? ", 'When my daughter was born.', 'The inability to read a book at college.', "After being away on a holiday for 2 months, a friend, who lived interstate, had remembered when I'd get back and phoned to welcome me home on the night of my arrival.", 'He felt suddenly happy at being alive . ', 'of the Unknown #changes, replace #stability and #familiarity with ambiguity and# uncertainty. #JO #Amman #ReformJO #Jordan', 'There is a clear lesson there for a beleagured John Major and a rattled Tory government . ', ' Am I failing ? ', 'When I pass exams, or when a close friend of mine recovered from an illness,etc.', ' How about football ? ', ' All you ever do is have unhealthy fast food Pizza , fries , burgers and hot dogs ! You have to start eating better ! ', 'I and my cousin went to a film show at night. We went without making it known to my mother. While we were there at interval, I came across my mother just close to where we sat.', '` You look glum today , " Bragg said good-humouredly . ', 'We had to finish the life of our 8 year-old dog.', 'My father used to get so angry at her stubbornness -- not at all like me , used to doing what I was told . " ', " Exactly . We play every Saturdays on the field by the tennis courts . If you want to learn and play a little , you're welcome to join us . ", 'We had to take our cat to the vet for mercy killing (an injection).', " I'm sorry , it was too cold , and my car couldn't start . I had one to the garage with the heater . I tried to call you , but you couldn't get connection . ", 'Meeting an old friend from high school.', " Yes , that was probably it ! It isn't fair . ", " I'll be at your house at about 5:30 . Happy birthday . ", " Even if I was seriously ill you couldn't spare a moment . ", " Well . I think I'm going to fail my chemistry exam . ", 'Trance-like he drove down the Edgware Road , responding to the multitudinous traffic lights with mechanical movements , while the agitated Eleanor continued to lash his unreceptive ear with a never-ending stream of abuse . ', ' Just two . ', ' Umm . I think my water just broke ! Get me to a hospital ! ', 'When I did not find the rack used for beating up rugs, in the yard.', ' Yes , a low fever . I feel terrible . Am I dying ? ', 'En 2007, Bayrou a dû attendre janvier pour avoir un sondage le mettant au-dessus des 10 %. Pour 2012, il y est déjà. ', " When crossing the road you must always pay attention to what's around you . ", " I won't do it again . Please forgive me . ", "And then again perhaps Modigliani 's exasperation stemmed in part from envy of this brilliant young man . ", 'I was very happy when I discovered that I had passed my first year examination and was among the thirty students who would major in economics.', 'Sometime back I used to stay with my mum alone then time came when dad joined the family from his working place I found myself having fear for him for no cause at all.', ' I will . You know , as a newcomer , I think it might be a good opportunity to get to know people from the other departments of our company in a more relaxed atmosphere . ', 'Leaving the house myself and a female friend had shared for 6-8 months because of the friendship which developed and our approach to each other in occasional instances of several personal crises.', 'He could see no way out and in his anguish he began to think of doing himself in ; the method he would use would have to be quick and simple . ', 'After having been ill, when I was coming back to the hostel, I felt very sad leaving home.', 'After the coming of the man in the night , Miguel had grown glum and thoughtful . ', ' Yes . ', 'I had met someone and we became good friends. Our relationship grew closer and now he is my boyfriend. I felt joy when I found out how he felt about me.', ' Fine , see you then . ', 'When I was told that I had not been successful in getting the job I had been expecting.  I was sure that I was sufficiently qualified.', 'When I heard the examination results and when I recovered after having been sick for a week.', ' Exactly . ', "I feel like I'm missing out on the things I should be doing at this age. I really hope not though. ", 'That I would do bad in a class and not get into Bus school.', "He looked so crestfallen that Old Bulldog didn't know what to do for a minute . ", 'Exhausted and nervous , councillors disappear into small cabals . ', ' Why ? ', 'Thanks . Sometimes talking with a friend is a great way to get over something . Do you mind if I vent a little bit ? ', ' I was never told to go to court . ', '` I don\'t ask about your private affairs , now do I ? " he said , in a mildly affronted tone . ', ' Absolutely . ', ' I ’ Ve got 30 cousins on my mom ’ s side and 10 cousins on my dad ’ s side . ', ' Yes . ', ' Um ... no . ', 'When there was a bomb threat in Tolman Hall. This was the first time that I felt my life could be in danger.', "This time , the Prince 's amusement was obvious . ", ' She made another white crack about my clothes . ', ' How come ? ', 'We fear losing that mercy; we fear losing His protection and his shade from harm.  and ', ' But that still sounds expensive . ', ' It sure is . ', 'When I gave birth to a healthy boy.', " I'm ready . ", 'So I was in a great state of elation . ', ' It isn ’ t . ', " That won't happen again , I'm sorry . ", 'I felt alone among a large number of people.  I was sad to see that nobody cared about what was happening to me.', ' I am very happy , too . It was a big game and I won . ', ' Oh dear , we will miss our train . ', ' Dark blue . ', ' No , what ? ', " What's the problem ? ", ' Ok . ', " I'm most grateful . Everyone in our class enjoyed it . ", ' You know , about David and his new boss . ', 'Oh , my god ! My wallet is lost . What should I do ? It drives me bonkers . ', ' I ’ m sorry . I think you are calling the wrong person . My name is not Mr . Bernie . ', ' Next week . ', 'Whenever my father smokes the smell makes me feel very uncomfortable.  He never listens to my complaints and I curse him furiously in my mind.  I cannot solve this problem by violence because of traditional moral values.  ', 'When I received the letter informing that I had been accepted to be a Chinese university student, I was excited as I had longed for it.', 'My close friend and I applied to TISS for admission last year, unfortunately he failed to get admission.  We had done our graduation together and are quite involved with each other, so we had wanted to do our Masters degree together.  However, it did not work out as we had expected it to and this saddened me.', 'She shot him a horrified look . ', ' Why not ? ', " I am sorry , sir , it's for 4 persons to have . I think it's too large for you . ", ' It will do . ', ' You are being watched ! Be careful Dan ! Be careful ! ', 'Mr . Rogers ? ', "Faith is the voice of God. Fear is the voice of satan. We can't listen to two voices. To do so makes us double-minded. @thebishop7  ", ' Spring is a lively season . ', 'I think im scared of what the future holds, I was wishing for some things, and now im used to those #drake', 'When my father died.', 'I felt very sad when I heard that a friend had committed suicide.', " That's a great idea . Why don't you call him . I already talked to him a couple of times and it might be good for him to hear from somebody else . ", ' Which leg do you want to have , right leg or left one ? ', 'A quarrel with my mother because I thought she said very unreasonable things about me, that hit me strongly.', 'I received a letter from a distant friend.', 'When I made the acquaintance of a certain person.', " I was told my girlfriend was speaking ill of me . It's a real letdown . ", 'When my dress was stolen.', "screw you kinda sad u made twitter.. now i cant beak you cause I'm afraid you'll read it. #fuck #pplonfacebookmaketwitter", "A shop-assistant behaved rather roughly with me though she hadn't the slightest grounds for it.", 'Do you like flowers ? ', "This occurred when my girlfriend and I have to finish our relationship due to some circumstances between her and her family. I was really sad, hurt and couldn't really find any reason why am I still living. Is this life is all about ? This was one of few question which crept up vividly every time I thought about what had happened.", 'At the same time they could become excited about house matches or school matches and take part in such events with earnest aggressiveness . ', '@mattmosley: This is the shakiest 14-point lead in history of college football.” lol ', ' How about tomorrow afternoon ? ', ' Extra lean . ', " Didn't I tell you ? It's over ! ", 'Matilda looked right back into the flashing eyes of this infuriated female giant and said with total calmness , ` I have not moved away from my desk , Miss Trunchbull , since the lesson began . ', 'Fry said his farewells to the players who regarded him as a father figure before heading for home in Bedford a devastated man . ', 'When I was stopped by plain clothes policemen because the car I was driving had overturned on the Avenue.  I had been driving too fast, and I was afraid when I was stopped, questionned and then toild to go.  The situation ended happily since there were no consequences.', " Come home late one more time , and you'll find your stuff outside . ", ' Okay . ', ' June loth . ', " I'll try . ", ' Did you have the room checked before we move in ? ', 'How do you shoot pool ? ', 'My son lives with my parents in the country and I feel this feeling always when leaving for Sofia, but the last time it was quite strong.', ' Thanks for inviting me . Here is the gift for you . Happy birthday , Francis ! Many more happy and healthy years for you ! ', "I was very pleased and happy when my older sister came home from living somewhere out of town and I hadn't seen her for months. We are very close sisters.", 'Walking out from the biology building.', " I'm so happy . Even though we are both working , we get to spend a lot of time with each other in the evening and on the weekends . ", ' I hate dentists . ', 'I feel unbelievably happy about the relationship between my boyfriend and me, it is a reoccurring feeling.', 'I lost a close friend.', 'In a flat in Sydney - rough area at home on my own - the flat had been burgled the night before and no way of locking the door.', '` I am delighted that you are so cheerful and optimistic . ', '--- The descendants of Sir Isaac Newton are miffed that former prime minister Maragaret Thatcher has included the 17th century discoverer of gravity on her personal coat of arms , to represent learning .', ' Guess ! ', 'Won a prize for effort.', ' What ? ', 'My elder sister scolded me in front of my younger sisters and cousins.  She said that I was very lazy and I felt so sad that I cried myself to sleep.', 'My best frieend left school recently.  The next day the weather turned bad suddenly and the male class-mates turned off the lights.  I remained on the table and was scared.', 'I bought an aquarium which made me much pleasure. I was watching the fish when my father came in and asked me how much I had payed for it. He said he would not pay for the current that it would require.', 'When my parents separated temporarily and I was left behind with my father.  As I loved my mother I wanted to go with her.', 'Friends who torture animals.', 'When my grandmother died.', 'But behind the strained , happy smiles there will lie the awful knowledge that Alex saw the killer -- and was too young to understand what was going on . ', "Don't believe the lies, look me in my eyes, please don't be scared of me ", 'Death of a parent.', " the thing is , this isn't the first time he's promised to do something and then didn't . ", " He told me that his friend's car broke down and they had to walk home . ", "Doesn't apply.", ' Uh huh ... ', " But where have you been , Alice ? You're over an hour late . ", " Haven't I asked you to call if you're going to be home late ? ", " I suppose she's right . Does she speak English very slowly ? ", 'When one of my cat died of a disease.', 'He became even more lugubrious . ', 'It is not uncommon to hear of old women who are cross when asked to perform domestic tasks in residential care ! ', ' Sure . ', ' Good . I know that you are capable of being an excellent student . ', 'Not afraid of tomorrow for I saw yesterday and I love today #less', '` You do these ? " he asked an indignant Auguste . ', ' I ’ Ve just parted with my boyfriend . ', 'When I was misleaded by a person who assured that something would not occur, that I had no reason to prepccupy myself, and suddenly I saw myself implicated by the fact, because of the incompetence, and irresponsibility of that person.', "Loads of my friends are miserable over the way they look , and the media are basically saying , ` Yes , you 're right to be miserable . ", 'But one day when the lord was off hunting the fox said : " Friends , we are all happy and contented , but our master sometimes seems rather sad and downcast . ', 'A friend died of cancer when he was 18 years old.', ' Sure . ', ' Dude , don ’ t equivocate . A theory only becomes a theory after withstanding rigorous testing . You slept through class , didn ’ t you ? ', ' I got robbed ! ', 'Dotty flushed with annoyance . ', ' yes . It seems she can never accept a childless marriage . We had a fight last night . ', 'Remember that hypnosis is not a party game to be practised by amateurs for the amusement of themselves or others . ', '` You will not regret it , " the cardinal told her , observing the prince \'s elation and guessing its cause . ', 'Everyone will be sad at their departure . ', " I see . It's safer then right ? ", ' Yes . ', 'The birth of my daughter.', ' Let me see ... Sorry , sir . We are fully booked tonight . Would you mind making a reservation some other time ? ', ' Oh , hi ! ', ' Of course . ', '@samobyrne Haha, ye found it, was in Krystle... When I first read that I thought I was drunkenly looking for something else  ', '` Then why are you looking so glum ? ', " Oh , that's too bad ! I am sorry to hear that ! ", ' Do you think so ? Well , I guess . He does look a lot like me . Oh , he ’ s got Richard ’ s eyes though . ', ' Who won ? ', 'At church camp when I accepted Christ into my life and so did my friend.', 'I had not told my parents about my bad marks in school. One day, my father wanted to speak to the teachers. Fortunately I could influence my parents to take it easy.', 'Excuse me . Is this seat taken ? ', " What a pity ! I know you've been longing for it these months . ", ' Sign me up for Monday and Wednesday . ', ' How could I feel easy ? I ’ m really pissed . ', ' Who is he ? ', 'We shall find reason for disquiet about this argument . ', " Why can't I call the police now ? He was definitely following me ! ", 'But his father was overjoyed to see him , and at once threw a party . ', 'Hear a very nice joke made by a friend.', ' No problem . ', ' Run ! They are thirsty for more ! ', "A friend of mine lent me his apartment for holidays and besides this he was a fine person. Months later I knew that he died tragically in a moto accident. He was very young, and I felt sad and couldn't believe it (until today).", 'He sat looking at the fire with lowered eyelids , a contented expression on his face , looking like a big overfed cat . ', 'Close relative is dying of cancer - found out last week.', 'not afraid of tomorrow, for I have seen yesterday and I love today #less', 'Successive state elections have seen the governing parties pummelled by a dismayed electorate . ', ' Okay . ', 'My best friend at school told lies about me to a boy I was seeing and went out with him herself.', ' Extremely good . I shot a 78 , including 5 birdies ! ', '@mamzelle_liliz oui mais le proctologue porte à confusion chez un certain public...  :p', 'I had worked very hard during my vacations to raise some money for a few major items (e.g a radio).  but when I arrived at the inter-city bus terminal, my hard earned money had been stolen from me.', 'Under danger , in the dark , one feels a kind of particular horror at finding oneself alone . ', ' Which one ? ', '` I am obviously very pleased about winning but it was also great that my parents were here . ', ' I like traveling for pleasure to get places for vacation for instance . But I don ’ t like traveling to work , waiting for buses , or ... ', ' I came back to my room and found my suitcase was open and my camera and five hundred dollars in cash inside the wallet were gone . ', 'When I passed the 12th standard board exams.', 'He says that he was so mad that he got a knife to scare them . ', 'When my car suddenly broke down !', " Not so well . I've come down with the flu . ", 'A few years ago my mother suffered from canccer and died within two years.  We had not finished our studies then and could not bear our responsibilities as her children.  My mother had tried her best to take care of us but she lived in pain these two years.  Neither the doctor nor we could do anything for her as cancer is incurable.  I was very eager to replace her in suffernig , even die instead of her.', ' O-K ... ', "C'mon people, his last match in the US and you didn't think Dick Togo would be   ", 'When I first saw a person begging.', 'Going to a concert.', " I've never been to such a dirty restaurant , and never seen such slow service . ", 'Do you like traveling , Kathy ? ', 'He was a contented man for he had a good wife , a prosperous farm in Upper Caversham some four miles from Reading market , had had a good season and a financially successful day . ', "We act cool , like we 're not delighted to meet up again , then we sit round the kitchen table and talk . ", 'The insurance cover is designed to protect intermediaries against suits for damages brought by irate customers . ', "I was very angry when my friend lost my practical's journal, which I needed to study for the exams.", 'Someone messing up the room we share.', 'I was on holidays, and I was going to meet a friend whom I had not seen for six months.  Again I felt very happy.', "Darling , can't you stay for a few more days ? ", 'I was in form five at the boarding school and my friends and I had gone drinknig beer in the nearby village.  And we were caught red handed there by a form master.', 'A close relative of mine underwent a difficult operation, and everything turned out fine.', 'Please forgive me for rushing into your room forgetting to knock at the door . ', 'Adam: I was afraid -Gen. 3:10 ~ Abram: Do not be afraid -Gen. 15:1 ~ Sarah: she was afraid-Gen. 18:15 ~ Jacob:I was afraid -Gen. 31:31 ', 'Some members of the UN Security Council will be miffed .', ' Sure.Where would you suggest ? ', 'Having received an offer to do post-graduate work.', ' I can ’ t believe this ! Why are all these things happening to me ! I can ’ t take it anymore ! Let me out of the car ! ', 'The sight of a man who ran amok (fighting) at a dance.', 'I put in two years of hard work and it was neither looked at nor appreciated.', ' What for ? ', " My pleasure Miss . Actually , could you recommend what to eat here ? I've never been here before . ", 'Last year I passed the B.A exams in Psychology in which I stood first in my class.  Thus I got the first prize from the college.  I was most happy to tell all this to my parents and friends.', ' Fine . ', 'I was scared in the dark when I was a little boy.', " Yeah , China's developing so fast and development opportunities can be found almost in every corner of the country . ", 'My friend started to misunderstand and hurt me. ', ' But she means a lot to me . ', 'A close friend of the family died.', 'Death of grandfather (unexpected).', " I'm sorry , but this was on sale , so I can only give you store credit . ", ' Thank you . ', 'On the T.V I saw a news feature on South Africa.  A policeman      attacked a group of black people with a whip.', ' Great . I got to try so many things for the first time . ', 'Stephen Spielberg says anxious parents should view it first . ', 'When we rearranged furniture in our flat and got stuck in a chair.', 'The day the results of the university entrance exam was published, I found my canditate number and I was very excited.', 'When I got a wedding ring of diamond from the boy I loved.', 'I was with my family and we found some abandoned puppies.  I wanted to help them but everyone said no.  We then left.', "A small , happy man with a white beard , he always wore the traditional grocers ' apron . ", ' Oh , I hate having teeth pulled out . Will it hurt ? ', " Yeah , I went over the figures this morning . We're finally started making money again ! ", 'Looking anything but delighted at the prospect , he stood up . ', 'But the STUC also voiced disquiet about the way last Monday \'s picketing was handled by police , and said it had secured a pledge that policing would now be ` even-handed " . ', " Oh , really ? Just a moment ... You paid with a ten-dollar note and I gave you ... Oh , sorry , here's a five left . I'm terribly sorry . ", 'When I was told by the doctor, after many months of coughing, that I had tuberculosis.', " School . Since I was working part time , I had a difficult time keeping up with class . Now that we have exams coming up , I'm totally freaking out . ", 'When my little sister was sick at home and I thought that she would die.', 'He collapsed in a coma at a London club and died hours later in hospital from massive internal bleeding  in front of his devastated mum and dad . ', ' White , please ', " We should plan to move out of here before July . I'm tired of living in apartments . ", ' What ? ', 'How may I help you ? ', 'I wanted something in particular and did not get it, also there was no possibility of getting it.', ' They did . ', " So sorry , I must have confused the orders . I'll check it . ", 'Stranded in the north of Fraser Island with a submerged 4 WD hire vehicle.', "Bob Halton , not guilty enough , but confused by his mother 's spoiling and manipulative efforts to keep him for herself , is petrified of being taken over completely . ", " What's up ? ", "I have two finals this week and one oral presentation and I'm not ready for any of them ! ", 'Getting a part-time job.', ' Let me ask the old woman in that reception office . ', 'I had always assumed that this sort of civilized dismay at barbarism was the monopoly of our cause . ', 'Going to see a good film with my best friend.', ' exactly . ', 'Attitude to some manners of dealing and some \\sanctioned\\" relations."', 'The anger in her voice took him aback . ', ' Even the roller coasters that go through tunnels in the dark ? ', ' I got it . ', 'Someone stole my ski at Vitosha and of course I was the one to be blamed. I left them without supervision.', 'When I got to know that the friend I am closest to got engaged, and she was going away.  I was overjoyed for her, but also felt frightened as I was very emotionally dependent on her.  I did not know what I would do without her.', 'I like someone who does not like me and was rude to me.', ' Sound like everything is great . ', 'A good friend deceived me. Because of that little quarrel our relationship finished, mainly because she was not honest. I was very angry about that.', ' That ’ s a good idea . You should do the same with some music . You might find something you like . Classical music might make you clever , but dance might make you livelier and happier . ', 'You must have been heartbroken . " ', ' Of course it does . Everybody has his own hobby . ', ' That ’ s why it was so weird traveling from Beijing to LA ! Because of the huge time difference , even though we left Beijing at noon and flew for more than eight hours , we still arrived in LA the same day at noon ! It ’ s like we went back in time ! ', 'Nor was the thought that he alone might hold the key to the mystery the sole component in his strangely elated state . ', "my humble prediction 1252-1260 all day...  hope I'm wrong either way, trade the range!", 'When I heard that my nephew had passed away.', 'English papers are due on Friday. They are returned on Tuesday. This Tuesday I was afraid to go to class and get my paper because I knew it was bad.', 'Getting into this university to do medicine.', ' All right . ', 'Liza , for her part , had still seemed inconsolable when she first arrived back at her unit on the edge of Salisbury Plain . ', ' John , I am just not in the mood for this . ', 'On my birthday, an old friend of mine sent me a card. I had not met him for a year and I was very glad that he had thought of me.', 'A honest \\sliding\\" on the part of a girlfriend of mine. Terribly crossed I started breaking things and tearing books."', 'Lost my girl-friend.', "I'll get my result of high school. ", 'I really became sad when mother passed away while I was very young.', 'Realizing that a friend had been talked into signing a certain contract.', 'When I got the scholarship I was very happy as the finacial burden of the family was reduced.', ' Many ! ', 'Now she was mad with grief . ', 'When I was a child, I was always afraid of my father. Just when he looked at me, I felt frightened.', 'When my first niece was born.', 'I was working at a certain place and everyday after work dad would come to pick me up.  One day he did not come, it started getting very dark and I had no money on me and my home was very, very far away.', 'Listen , Christine , you can not afford another day off . You ’ Ve called in sick five times in the last three weeks . ', 'After I saw my family and good friends back after staying one year in a foreign country. ', "Feeling unable to preserve one's ideas and ambitions as innocent as they are when you are young.", ' Thank you for the dance . ', 'When I am made to do things in which I see no sense and I waste my time. Some time ago I had to participate in a sociological investigation and then I got really angry.', 'Les meilleurs Rick Roll restent à venir ! ', 'When I got the first compound through column.', " If so , I'd better try another store . ", "@goldenblades91 @BerticusMaximus it is exciting. except, yerno, I haven't finished my essay or my translation. ", "She felt guilty when she sensed Beth 's deep sadness . ", '` After each Test there was never any great sense of elation but rather that a step towards the ultimate goal was taken . ', 'When my daughter had problems with her friends and I could see her predicament from the window.  She was given a the cold shoulder.', ' So he had the boxes wrapped in plastic . ', 'It \'ll be very loud and you might get frightened . " ', ' Oh no . ', "I felt this feeling when one day my landlord's cat had crept under my bed and I couldn't cope with it during an hour and a half.", ' Yes , my wife is coming to get me . ', ' What is it ? Maybe I can help . ', 'I was alone at home and I could hear odd noises coming from above our bedroom.  I knew that nobody lived there since it was an office.  I got frightened (later I was given a \\natural\\" explanation)."', " I have no reason to distrust him . He's never caused any harm . ", 'When a drunkard barged into a room where my friend and I had run in order to get away from him.  We were all alone and all I could see was this hand coming towards me.', "I have a very big family. At my grandmother's funeral we all met and everybody pretended mourning. In reality it was like a fashion-show: everybody wanted to show himself.", ' Well , they should have called you ! ', ' oh , it ’ s pretty popular among my classmates these days . So are you ? ', " I didn't make the soccer team . ", ' Yes . I will . ', ' OK . ', "Ray Shepherd 's voice was quiet and he ignored his son 's mounting horror . ", 'Waking up from a bad dream in a dark night with noone else around.', ' Well , Rose . ', 'When I was driving home after  several days of hard work, there was a motorist ahead of me who was driving at 50 km/hour and refused, despite his low speed to let me overtake.', 'Not succeeding in a cross-country skiing competition, which I intended to win.', 'Should I ask Sara to the party ? ', 'I helped someone to do something and was found out.', ' Make it work , Geoff . You would say that , wouldn ’ t you , he is your cousin.what a jerk , make me hire your stupid , useless , cousin . ', ' Jake just broke up with me . ', 'Lewis Verne-Smith sat shaking his head , less as a gesture of denial than of a generalized despair at the state of the world . ', '` I think everyone is very pleased they \'ve changed their minds , " said England \'s most-capped player , Rory Underwood . ', 'I am not especially good at English, and after the high school graduation exam in English I tensely waited for the result the whole day.  In the evening, when I heard that I had done excellently, I became very happy and the anxiety vanished.  My family was at home.', 'When my elder brother, who had gone abroad to study  for six years, came back home safe and in good health.', 'When I sit for examinations.', ' I am really sorry too , maybe I can give you a call sometime . ', ' Thanks so much . ', " The door bell doesn't work , the sink is leaking , there's no hot water , and the building is falling apart ! ", ' I feel confused about the grammars . ', 'And -- though the heartbreak of her troubled marriage still haunts her -- she raised a grin as Prince Harry waved from their car in London . ', 'My grandfather was seriously ill, he had only a few days left to live. I had always loved him, but never told him. When I saw him for the last time, I had the feeling that I had omitted so many things I could not do again. - There was a fly sitting on his forehead and he was too weak to drive it away. I was very sad when I saw that.', "Football was a very big deal at my high school, so I was joyous when my school's team won the conference championship last year.", 'Assaulted by drunken neighbour.', 'He was now a very effective reader of his own work -- his theatrical instincts were here most valuable and , as Edmund Wilson noted , he could communicate a feeling of intense excitement to his audiences . ', 'Taxi ! Taxi ! ', 'I felt that she was quite distressed by the birth -- she seemed drowsy and a bit blue . ', 'We were all sad it was over " . ', '@Caro2050 I feel great, slept from 22.30 until my alarm went off, why have you the ?', 'I could not do the questions on my math midterm.', 'Someone told me that I was chosen for English lectures because the class leader is going out with me (not true).', ' Certainly . ', 'The day I left my first girlfriend.', 'Joan is a thorough drag ! ', "I felt anger against a colleague of mine during a rehearsal in acting. He hadn't learnt the text of an opera act in the course of several months and thus making difficulties for the rest of my colleagues.", ' Why ? ', '` I made the camp , " grumbled Henry , rather like a sad child . ', 'When I first came to the university I did not know the kind of people I would find here and the kind of behaviour they would have towards me.', 'When my grandmother, my second mother died.', 'Guy I cared for went back to Canada to live.', 'When my sister was born.', 'Who is it ? ', "I experienced this feeling when the doctors found a nodule in one of my mother's breasts. It turned out to be an occlusion resulting from continious sucking but for a few days I was not in my reason.", ' Are you sure there are no more open classes ? ', ' Yes , but you might have told me before . ', ' Oh , no . I couldn ’ t possibly . ', 'When I was sitting in a car next to a man who was masturbating.', 'When I told off a computer teacher who did not want to teach me beacause of prejudice.', " It certainly didn't arrive here that way . ", 'She stared until it was hard to know which was herself -- the disconsolate woman in the chill room or the other sorrowful face in the night outside . ', 'One horrified look told him that Daisy had already sunk to her pasterns . ', "Our relationship does seem to be improving but obviously I 'm worried that we now seem to be paying 50% more than we expected . ", 'Her cheeks were already aglow from a combination of the heat and the exhilaration of being the centre of attention , and this had lent an extra , youthful radiance to her beauty . ', " Oh , I like it . It's such a beautiful dance , but I can't do it well . What about you ? ", 'I felt sad at having to leave my girlfriend after constant problems and failed attempts at reconciliation.  My sadness was caused by the irreversibility of the decision.', "The highlight of the whole tournament -- almost irrespective of their performance on the field -- will be SOUTH AFRICA 's emergence from the woods , a coming in from the cold which is generating a great excitement . ", ' I guess so . ', 'When I had my four children.', 'And you feel anxious about getting the first lot of seeds sown out of doors . ', ' Yes , it looks interesting . ', "When Tony 's father was interviewed he said he felt angry with Tony for having taken the tablets , especially as his girl friend , Pat , had been with him when he found Tony unconscious . ", 'My mother told me that I could not go to the mountains.  Despite my age, as long as I am in her house I must do what she says.', 'During my last exam.', 'My brother told me that a person (whom I know) had insulted him.  I am very fond of my brother, and as he himself can not get angry or hurt, my protectiveness was aroused and I got angry.', 'While still at school a friend died of cancer, after being ill for a long time, she was 17 yrs old.', 'I am a sportwoman as well. I felt joy when after an year of practice, at a contest, I covered the norms for \\a master of sports\\"."', 'Taking a trip to crocokile country I fell out of the boat and was motivated by fear of being eaten to perform great swimming feats.', " You'd better take some medicine and have a good rest . I hope you'll be yourself pretty soon . ", 'Insulted by teacher.', "The Repton boy 's horror at Churchill 's anti-Bolshevist campaign had turned into a more adult and less ferocious criticism . ", 'On a recent visit to a day centre , which served both younger disabled and old people , I was told that old people were envious and resentful when computer learning was introduced for the younger disabled people . ', ' I beg your pardon ? ', " I don't think so . In Korea some marriages break up , but most couples stay together . ", 'When I was concentrating on my work, my friend disturbed me continously.  I asked him to stop but in vain.', 'When I first heard \\I like you !\\" from my boyfriend."', 'Seeing relations from overseas after a few years.', ' What a pity ! I missed it again . ', 'Birth of children.', 'I went to visit a friend in hospital.  He was going to be operated the next day.  I was afraid that they would not let me in and I did not know what his reaction would be on seeing me.', ' Ho , no ! ', ' Mario Puku . ', 'While dancing in a restaurant last week.', ' Oh , my computer crashed again ! ', 'When someone I trusted very much, disappointed me.', 'Discussing with a certain person about a job I was getting and that perosn was negative and pessimistic.', ' A lot of things . There is a part about how old people should accept being old and stop feeling restless . You really should read it . ', ' Won ’ t you get lonely ? ', ' Thank you , they ’ re beautiful . You can hang your coat over there . Try this new couch , it is so comfortable . You will love it . Want something to drink , tea , coffee , juice or Cola ? ', ' Oh , I see . ', 'When my uncle died of leukemia at age 35.', ' I did a B . A . in economics . Remember ? ', 'When I was admitted to a Language school. On the day when I was informed by a message and my parents congratulated me.', ' Big head ! ', 'When my father did not get back from Chipata on time, he was thus holding back progress as everything depended on him.  I felt angry over his actions.', 'When I had to walk over three kms through a field which had wild bulls, because my car had broken down.', 'Y a @IDFrabbi , qui se définit comme Friend of the Israeli soldier and Mossad agent. qui me follow sur twitter. #9FARET', ' That makes a lot of sense . Does the TV work well ? ', '` Everyone seemed very pleased with the arrangements Philippe had made , didn\'t they , Rose ? " ', 'When I was able to buy my new car, after lots of problems.', ' Hi , Andy . ', 'When my mother kept me in leading-strings.', 'Once while walking along a hill; I fell down out of carelessness and I broke my left arm.', 'When I am accused of something I have not done, I get unbelievably angry.', ' Of course . ', ' You too . ', ' Excuse me ? ', ' Very nice . ', 'FOR months now I have been trying to contain excitement at the thought of the compact disc . ', "As he nodded she went on , ` I 'd had a bit of a knock in -- in a relationship with a man in London , and I was very miserable over Elise 's death . ", 'Finally being asked by someone to a banquet.', 'The nurse sent to accompany Leslie tried hard to melt into the background as the overjoyed family spent several hours opening presents under the tree . ', ' Yes , I do . ', "A friend of mine came to visit and stayed with my roommate and me. My roommate and she became good friends. After she left, he didn't talk too highly of her.", 'I was angry when I watched a ski-race. All the Austrian skiers dropped out.', ' But I ended up with finding out lady that night , that you were with other girl at cafe near your home . ', ' What kind of music do you like ? ', 'I slept in a tent at the Barracks which caught fire at night and my best possessions got burnt in there.', 'For the first time in my life telling someone I loved them.', " 9. My biggest fear is needles. I can't stand getting a shot.  ", ' Maybe it is the most difficult period of my family have experienced . ', ' Good luck ! ', 'The weather is very bad (fog and slipperiness) the newcast reports many traffic accidents and my boyfriend is driving home and still has 60 kilometers to go.', '` I am horrified that somebody would do such a thing . ', 'When I get something that seemed very hard like getting a job, a boyfriend, etc. A specific sutuations, was when I started to date a boy whom I liked for a long time.', ' Titanic . ', ' I think someone is stalking me . ', 'When a friend of mine was trying to make a fool out of me.', 'When I was at school.', ' He treats everyone pretty badly , but the way he treats me really takes the cake ! ', 'I was really angry when the President general of was arrested by policemen.', ' Next June . ', 'A holiday at a white sand deserted beach. A cool evening near the end of summer and we had a fire in the sand - toasted marshmellows, cuddled and drank champagne.', 'Hi , Walter ! ', 'This leads to highly agitated motions and correspondingly high temperatures . ', ' Let me have a look . Whoa ! Get away from me ! ', " Not on your life ! I know I'd break my leg ", 'When some friends betrayed my friendship.', "Me , I 'm miserable that it 's all beginning . ", 'On the way back from Denmark with a friend on a small yatch, there was a storm and my friend was blown overboard;  I was very scared till I managed to get him back onboard.', 'On December the 28th I was filled with Joy when I was told by my bosses that I had been selected to attend a course at the  School for Health Scienced in London.', ' The s not the problem-Your Attention 2 fearful possibilities s the attracting force. Stop 8 quick -Cheryl Janecky #loa #anxiety', 'I was in the library of medical psychology and walked into the wrong direction. A man who came out of a room threated me very denigrating and I became very angry in a resisting manner.', 'During lectures, I sensed an unexpressed understanding with a boy I did not know.  We exchange glances ; I think he likes me, and I like him too.  Perhaps he has fallen in love with me .........', "First day at University (I didn't know what to expect).", " I'm happy to hear that , but publishing is more than just talking to writers . it involves a lot of work , patience and responsibility . Most of the work is boring . ", ' I sure did ! ', ' At Harvard . What about you ? ', "In the aftermath of the war the government was said to be concerned over Turkey 's increasingly prominent international role . ", 'When there was a possibility of getting on better in professional life. I valorized very much this aspect. People showed me this possibility, not the real fact (even because until now ...)', 'Unless they are given opportunities to express their grief in appropriate ways which can include weeping for loss , they will never be able to acquire the creative energy necessary to find a new job . ', "I don't like sharing my feelings Im scared you'll run if I admit something. ", " I just remembered that I've got to give a speech in class today and I forgot to prepare for it . ", "i should clarify: we're winning the *game* of terror, not the war on it. america terrorizes like fucking no one does. still, plenty to ", ' Is it gonna hurt ? ', ' addiction ? checking emails and text messages often can be called an addiction ? no way ! ', ' of when your phone starts falling towards your face , but you save it. #amazing', ' Margaret really told me off when she found out that I had forgotten all about it . We did try to phone you , but you and Jane must have gone out . ', " A , whatever you do , the most important is perseverance . So you have to hang on there , the longer , the better . Then some day , you will find you've already made a lot of progress . ", 'When my girlfriend of two years told me it was all over.', "I thought him a good friend but he tried to lie to me several times. Last time was the height of impudence. He promised he would come home but he didn't. I felt a sense of anger and insult.", 'I was very scared when I went to the examination hall for my M.Sc examination as I had studied a limited partion of the course thoroughly and I was in great doubt whether that would be asked.', 'Yesterday the heartbroken teenager , who was on the verge of trials with the Royal Ballet , said : ` In just one second , my life has been wrecked . ', 'In college, I started a discussion with the teacher referring to a question I posed. I felt very unsure and I was afraid to fail.', " I like the pier too , because it's beautiful at night . ", ' But she did and made me disappointed . ', 'My grandmother died, and my mother called me one sunday morning in the Autumn.  The way my mother told me about it, I hated her at that moment.  She sounded as if she had been waiting for the death of my grandmother.  I had lost a person close to me.  I felt guilty too as I had been bad to my grandmother of late.  I had not remained calm when she no longer understood everything so well.', "the heartstopping moment where you think you've pulled out your headphones in the silent library. ", 'He wandered around in a state of utter dejection , belonging nowhere . ', 'When I received some good news : I obtained an amount of money I needed to buy something I had been planning to buy.', " Don't brother me ! ", ' Why ? ', 'His anguished voice tailed off , to intensify the effect . ', "Scientists , on both sides of no-man 's land , become bitterly indignant when someone points such external influences out to them . ", 'When I met a good friend of mine after a long time.', 'When burglars with guns forced themselves into my house and ordered me to give them money or face death.', 'When I found out that a person I went to school with had died in a car accident.', ' See you . ', "Shackel became indignant and said he would fetch a magistrate and complain about the Chief Constable 's attitude , which he did . ", "De Gaulle was incensed , ordered Massu 's recall to Paris , and , against the advice of several senior advisers , insisted that Massu should not be permitted to return to his command . ", ' I hope so . ', 'When my father died.', 'I was told that I had passed the statistics exam.  I had not expected this so I was very happy.', " It's Snow . ", 'The Profit Share Scheme was reduced in 1992 but many members have expressed great annoyance that another scheme within the Bank netted two former members of the staff in Britain almost 218,000 between them . ', ' Yes . I have my wallet stolen . ', 'When someone does not listen to me after having asked me to repeat what I said. This happened more than one time with the same person.', 'Leapor was still downcast about the loss of her job , perhaps unable to write much poetry , when she met Freemantle . ', 'I got a job right after school was over.', 'My girl-friend left me.', " OK , OK . I'll whisper it to you , but you have to promise not to tell anyone ! ", ' and then ? ', " Maybe . I'll have to ask my mother . ", 'Susan , I am inviting you and Frank to our house warming party this weekend . ', ' Certainly . ', 'When my sister took my things without having asked for my permission first.', 'She was on her feet taking his hand , smiling at him , telling him how delighted she was to meet him . ', ' Yes . My bike has one under the seat . Get it , quick ! ', " I don't know . I failed my exam . ", 'is nothing else than perverted #faith. Your ability to fear is a proof of your ability to #believe.', 'When I passed the first examination that I had to repeat.', 'The staunchly pro-monarchist Daily Telegraph said BBC chairman Marmaduke Hussey , whose wife is a lady-in-waiting to Queen Elizabeth II , is miffed that no one told him about the interview .', ' I thought they had already agreed to everything . That ’ s going to take weeks to rework . ', 'Skiing down a very icy slope, very fast in white-out conditions. Out of control with no idea of what I was doing or where I was heading.', 'It seems that anxious people condition most easily and it is thought that irrational fears are established in this way . ', 'I was petrified of having the same thing as my mother did . ', " Yes , that's true . Damn ! I just lost half my paper , and now I can't even do my homework.This is a bad time for this to happen . ", 'And , to complete his heartbreak , his car broke down when he was looking for his ninth win of the season at the Italian Grand Prix . ', 'Being made to look like a fool by a girl.', 'Not being accepted by classmates in university.', ' But you should have told me you were in love with her . ', ' I can smell smoke ! ', 'My elder brother had been expelled from college and he was so frustated that he attempted suicide - he drank bottle fragments.  I was very sad when I learnt this.', ' That is a bank . The coffee shop is opposite the bank . ', 'Before one of my final exams of the third year - natural sciences.', 'Mr Brown was livid at the way 1 billion in precious foreign reserves was poured down the drain during the sterling fiasco a fortnight ago . ', 'When I was beaten up by thieves on behalf of some friends of mine as they thought that I had a lot of money and would not part with a few coins for their drinks.', "So we 're delighted to bring our conference to support our members in Portsmouth . ", 'Six months ago when I got acquaintances with a person whom I trusted infinitely and from whom I expected help and friendly feelings. With him I found much in common - in our views and in our fate.', ' Yes . ', ' I ’ m sorry to hear about that . ', ' He asked me to beef up in the work . ', 'What upsets you ? ', '` We don\'t go to Lightwater Valley , " said an equally affronted bus driver . ', " But mum , we're watching this movie . ", ' Absolutely unbelievable ! You people should be ashamed of yourselves . ', ' You dance beautifully too . ', 'When I heard that my Uncle had passed away in a road traffic accident.', ' What note ? ', "We're having a sixties party next week . Do you want to come ? ", 'When I think of death - not my own but that of my parents, brothers and sisters.', 'When I was told that I had passed the exams.', " I'll try . I'm under a lot of pressure right now . ", 'I am sorry to say this but I seem to have lost the key to the safe . ', 'When I was subjected to a very nasty joke by a group of friends.', ' Hi Joe . ', 'When I understood that my marriage was falling apart, and we decided to be legally separated.', 'Thames Valley Police are known to be furious about the case . ', "That morning I was so ecstatic about my triumph in seducing the dog-owner 's daughter that I 'd completely forgotten about Jamila 's big decision . ", 'I went to see a movie and I went with a friend, it was really frightening and it made me stop and think about the world around me and what it is really like out there. I was frightened all that night.', "In the student's union there was someone who took the photocopies of two large volumes.  I asked him to let me take a few, he refused it for an acceptable reason. ", ' Me too . ', 'I was angry at my brother over an argument we had together.  We do have a few fights from time to time, and also at times I take out my anger on him.', 'Unfair and unjust attitude toward a person close to me, what I was the witness of, caused anger in me.', 'Being mistreated by other people.', 'When you kill yourself with work and see the number of slakers wandering around, doing nothing.', 'When my grandmother died.', 'Joe Rogan is back at it Factor', ' We are all very proud of you . ', 'When I heard that there is teasing and bulling at Secondary School.', 'I felt joy when I heard over the radio that I had been successful in my Primary School Leaving Certificate Examination and was selected for Secondary School.', 'When I was selected to start Form I at Malosa Secondary school.', ' I am feeling awesome .', " That's all right . ", 'When I checked my examination paper and realized that I had been careless, thoughtless, lazy and hasty so as to make unnecessary mistakes concerning things I know and understand.', 'I felt angry when my friend told me that I had stolen her money.', 'I was alone in a cottage I often stay in.  I was woken up by a rustling sound in the middle of the night.', 'My father will be angry with me if you leave early ! " ', "I'm in the most painful situation in definition of: damned if I do and damned if I don't #life #love what is #therightthing", ' It ’ s true . ', 'When friends try to put me down or hurt me.  ', ' Hmm ... ', ' And I love trying new recipes , which I usually test with my friends . You can come , too . ', "There's a mysterious ticking noise somewhere by my bed.  not the  puppet pals kind. #scared", ' Why ? ', 'When I was doing research a few months ago, I had asked the Institute to sponsor me for a computer course which was held in TISS.  However, because of the administrative officer I could not get the money.', ' Evening . ', 'They were cross with each other because of him , and now Nanny was saying bad things about Smallfry that would make Buddie very , very angry . ', 'Why is @lcduve touching kitten and me so much? What is happening? ', 'To some extent , adults can choose of their own free will whether to deal with their grief or not . ', 'Thanks for helping me move into my new house . ', 'A few weeks back I had a very important seminar and I had circulated my papers to all the panel members.  A day before the seminar I realized that I had inadvertantly burdened certain       derivations and I had failed to correct it.  I feared that this    would reflect very badly on my performance.  Fortunately none of  the panel members detected it and I felt relieved.', "I felt it when a girl who was dear to me lied to my face. I got angry with the fact that she knew I didn't believe her but she kept on telling lies.", ' Why not ? ', 'On embarking on University life. I came from a different city and did not know anybody at the Uni. I was frightened because my well known and loved friends, also all my security had been taken away.', "Typically , Gould 's infrequent letters home detailed only his ornithological exploits , much to the dismay of the household , who were desperate to hear news of a more personal nature . ", 'Gleeful opposition leaders and Tory Euro-sceptics said the Government \'s handling of Maastricht had descended into ` shambles " . ', ' A really dreadful accident and many people were killed . ', 'Little Maureen was agitated , but she made a nice speech . ', 'When I was in a situation which seemed hopeless for me, I moved back to my parents. For my father it went without saying anything (normally he ofter grumbles at me).', 'Your prejudice against psychology students and education students (not allowing us to go to the medical university lectures).', 'Car accident in the middle of the night.', ' If you ask me , I don ’ t think it ’ s guilty . ', 'She was still mad at Lucy for something , and Lucy was sure that a little time and concentration would tell her what  but for the moment , somehow , the knowledge was just out of reach . ', ' Are your free this weekend ? ', 'When I was talking to HIM at a party for the first time in a long while and a friend came and interrupted us and HE left.', 'After my father died suddenly of a heart attack.', ' What about the other class ? ', 'When a boy, who was drunk, insulted me in front of a crowd.  I was stopped from punching him for it.', 'And everybody gets very excited , because three hundred and fifty kilos in Durham tomorrow morning sounds like a good pay day . ', ' of what ? ', ' Where are you going to work then , in Australia or back in China ? ', "My peers didn't want me to meet someone during rush for fear that I would give her a bad outlook on our Sororoty house. I shouldn't have seen this, but they blew and I did.", 'You ready ? ', "I'm about to eat Taco Bell for the first time in over 10 years. ", ' About 4 . ', 'When I got through the examination for my driver licence, and when I finished I knew I had passed it.', ' Of course there is . The top-level coaches there are from the State Sports General Administration . ', 'Can I help you ? ', 'One day, I discussed a very important question with A.  A suddenly declared that he would not accept my position and thought that he himself was right.  Moreover, he attacked  strongly, not my opinion but me personally.', "A friend's mother died.", ' My house was robbed last night and the thieves stole all my furniture . ', ' oh , no ! I thought it seemed a bit strange . ', ' Perfect . So you can audition this weekend here at my house . ', 'They must be mad that they should expect such a delicate business as his preparation of Vologsky to be speeded up as though it was a crude operation on a factory bench . ', 'Last year when I worked during the Summer holidays and studied at the same time for an examination I had to repeat; my boyfriend went to Greece for a holiday for a month.', 'I wanted to be a violinist -- that was my real ambition -- but I was too anxious to really get to grips with the instrument . ', 'When I crashed my car.', "Who's that old lady trimming the trees ? ", 'My friend and I were to attend a very important meeting and he had promised to come and pick me up.  But he did not turn up and I felt very angry at him.', 'When I was in a car with my parents and friends and we had to back up (reverse) pass a river which when I recall it (I was only about 5 yrs) seemed we were going to fall in and drown.', 'When my aunt, whom I had loved very much, died. When I heard about her death, I was not as touched as at the funeral. I really became conscious of her death at that moment.', ' Fixed . ', ' Around 3pm . ', "Both Mr Souness and Jim Smith , the Portsmouth manager , emphasised how delighted they were with the overall quality of yesterday 's tie . ", " You know you didn't . ", ' Nothing really . ', 'op school bezig met fm aan! zeker vet haha', "I tried to show pleasure at their decision and at the same time annoyance that our contract simply wouldn't permit it . ", " I'm sorry . I'll ask next time . ", 'Except when he gets cross with us sometimes . ', 'The juniors in our dormitory at school started to complain and make a lot of noise about the duties assigned to them by the prefect who was my class-mate and was very cool and dull.', 'Saw in the TV South Korea cheating in the Asian Olympic games.', 'Lennox has always truly wanted to fight for the world title and was happy taking the tough route . ', ' What is it ? ', 'There may be cases where there is parliamentary disquiet over a ministerial proposal and then the minister has a change of mind . ', 'Imagine my excitement , therefore , when it seemed recently that I might have stumbled across it in the shape of the Tower House in Malmesbury , Wiltshire . ', 'When the lady who is now my wife accepted my proposal to be my lover and future wife.', ' Yes ? ', ' Mumm . no . ', 'In the army, my result at the shooting exercises got me a three day furlough.', ' My boyfriend says I work too much . That I spend more time with you than with him . ', 'When I came to know that my feelings for someone were not reciprocated.', ' From China . ', " is like the red headed male  step-child of who ain't come out the closet and got a black sheep for a pet.", 'Interpersonal arguments and difficulties were also a more common feature of the experiences of depressed patients than of the comparison group . ', 'I bet that I would jump down from a window. I was sure that I would jump but before I did it I rather felt fear.', ' No , just come here . ', " It's a pleasure . Come on . I'm on your side . ", 'Could you talk to me for a few minutes about my grades ? ', 'His face was livid and bloody . ', 'When my family allowed me to do higher studies.', ' About 6 . ', 'My girlfriend dumped me . ', 'I spent a lovely relaxing evening with my boyfriend. We played games and talked all evening.', 'When my son omits to carry out certain duties at home that he knows needs doing.', 'Normally such a happy , sunny person , she felt a vague disquiet , as though she was changing without her wanting to . ', ' Do you work in Shanghai ? ', " I will , sir . I'm really very sorry . ", " It's a pity . I'm afraid that's too loud for me.Thank you . ", " Let me see , I am sorry . It's for table 11 . ", 'This also happened when I was very small.  I was beaten up by my  mother for no fault of mine, I had just beaten up my younger brother for what I thought was his fault.  I was very angry with my mother.', '` I thought perhaps you were still mad at me . " ', " That's just wrong ! why don't you just quit ? ", "Gosh , another stop.It seems the cars ahead of us have to stop every two minutes , It's no quicker than a bus . ", " It's the new neighbor . I hate her guts . ", " What's the big deal ? It's just a picture of some woman . ", 'I noticed with amusement that the tapestries hanging there illustrated the seven deadly sins . ', "I hate to disappoint anyone but that wasn't the case -- although the veiled hints caused us plenty of amusement . ", 'smh wus wrong wit niggas these days a  that  to another  does it out of in my eyes smh lot of niggas lie to me', ' I failed my oral test . ', 'Unofficially I was informed about my results of the final examination of the secondary school. A teacher wrote them up for me. When I went outside, I started crying with joy.', ' it sounds like any job will be better than the one you have now ! ', 'After my shoulder operation, I woke up in the hospital room alone. I was in pain and was still under heavy medications. I could not find my parents.', 'large crowds of manic football fans and mascots ', 'In the Commons , Labour MPs unleashed their anger at the Liberal Democrats for promising to back the Government . ', ' Oh , I see . ', ' what ? ', 'Housesitting and hearing the alarm go off. I knew someone had to be breaking in. I called the police and was panicking while on the phone. It was awful. It turns out that I stepped on the hidden alarm without prior knowledge of its existance.', "I understood that this was my mother 's wedding , and although I was necessary to it I was expected to do nothing but be there and appear contented . ", ' Yeah , this one closes at ten . We could drive to the 24 - hour store on sixth . ', '` South Africa must be worried how easily we did get through , and close to their line , because they know that Will Carling and Jeremy Guscott are amongst the quickest in the world . ', 'What is the correct time , please ? ', "When our religion teacher presented shocking sectarian thoughts and doom's day as official teaching.", 'After the operation , you may feel sick or very depressed -- this is the effect of the trauma of the operation and of the anaesthetic . ', ' Que bien ! Sentences poems habeas en espanol ! ', 'Facing a mad dog.', 'I had to have my tonsils out. I had been making up my mind almost for a year - I was afraid. But during the two hours in the hospital room, while I was waiting to be called for the operation I felt a real fear - of the pain, of what they were going to do to me, of the unknown.', "The of loving or atleast allowing yourself to fall for a person who you know prolly won't fall for you yet it feels so ryt!!! ☹ ☺", ' that ’ s pretty much how you feel about your step-mother . Like grandmother , like grandson . ', 'I remember that when my mother died the day was sad and every time I think of it I am saddened by the loss of my mother.', 'One day before Christmas, I went shopping with my brother and his friend. We had a good time. But on the way home we were almost in an accident because the weather was bad.', ' Yes . ', 'The animal seemed to take a perverse delight in terrorizing him . ', " Good morning , Emma ! A lovely day , isn't it ? ", ' Okay . ', 'Railway station good-bye.', "When an old schoolfriend phoned me to arrange an appointment to talk about old memories. I hadn't seen him for 8 years.", 'When my mother went through an operation, it was not very serious but I was sad and could not sleep before the operation.', 'Winning a game after a long time of losing.', 'When my grandfather died.', 'I felt afraid of losing somebody I love to another person because I was an incomprehensive person and lots of time I fight with this person.', 'Having a fight with a class mate.', 'Easter holiday - I had been working weekends and had just left.', 'When I was little I lost control of my bike and started to go into a buay intersection but my neighbor stopped me just in time.', 'My sister was in coma for 3 months (due to a train accident). Now her brainfunctions are disturbed. She will never be able to walk and she can hardly talk.', ' Good bye ! ', 'As you would expect , she was overcome with grief . " ', ' Because I like the feeling of cooperating with others . ', ' I am feeling outstanding .', 'A friend had promised me to give me a lift to Graz. To be sure I called her before we went. She told me that she had just promised another person to give him a lift.', 'At the begining of a new course one is afraid of encountering problems one can not manage.  Thoughts revolve around failing the subject and the consequences it would have for the future.', 'And Ryan had spent more than one night under the roof with her , she remembered in bitter anguish . ', 'My father stayed abroad for one year. He does not like to write letters because he makes ortographic mistakes. I never had a good relation to him. He wrote me a letter in which he said that he loved me.', " It doesn't work . It looks like it's broken . I need to get to a hospital . You should drive me there . ", 'A teacher wanted to instill a certain opinion and a certain behaviour into myself, what I refused. I was afraid when I saw him.', " Poor Femi . Taylor's death must have made her realize that she still cared for him . ", 'At a restaurant I observed how the gypsies tried to get money by cheating the foreigners i.e non Swedish speaking.  My anger had nothing to do with hatred against foreigners, but it was an expression of the anger I feel when I see people being used .', '` I \'m not ashamed of it , " she retorted , taut with anger over his reference to her mother . ', 'I was coming home in a taxi with a fellow worker of mine.  He was criticizing my earlier conduct towards him, which to my mind was unfounded.  When I reached home, I ran out of the taxi and slammed the door.', 'When I thought for an instant that a very good relationship with a person had finished.', 'When two female classmates and I were having lunch, we chatted and  cracked jokes, I was very happy.  However, I felt that I may have  said something inappropriate which might cause them to have a bad  impression of me.', 'When I came back from work one day, the friends of my son told me that he had not come back from school and that he was lost.', 'Mr Jones exploded in anger . ', ' Perhaps you are right . But I still need some time to recover from the failure . ', ' No . ', 'When I understood that I was admitted to the University.', 'I find myself sprinting but it doesnt hurt as much on my hamstring no more...is leaving', 'Jim could nonetheless tell by his anxious face that something was wrong . ', 'When the week for Exams came. I got afraid as to how I would tackle the questions.', 'Now it makes me sad to think of them growing up .  ', "Oh great ! This stupid computer froze again ! That's the third time today ! Hey Samuel , can you come take a look at my PC ? It's acting again . It must have a virus or something . ", 'Last Summer I achieved someting that I had been wanting for a long time.', ' Www , man ! ', 'When the grandmother of my friend died in a hospital. My friend was crying and I was sad, too.', " It's on 7th Street . ", ' Oh , yes . I love playing badminton , table tennis and computer games . And playing the games has become my favorite . ', 'The boy was broken hearted and inconsolable . ', 'In me battled a flood of relief at being reprieved and anger at such vile deception . ', " I agree , but I would find it difficult to stop using my car . It's just so convenient . ", 'She was particularly concerned when , shortly before her wedding day , she discovered that Prince Charles planned to give his friend a bracelet inscribed with their nicknames ` Fred " and ` Gladys " . ', 'The day I heard that I passed the high school exam.', 'Every time they got near him , he backed off , ecstatic with excitement , tail wagging furiously . ', ' Fine ! By the way would you mind not slurping your coffee every time you have a cup ! ', ' How much ? ', 'I have made up my mind . I am getting a tattoo . ', 'Some people simply were miffed by the red tape in applying for victim identification cards to qualify for the 100,000 yen .', 'Mexico , too , was miffed because the Telmex telephone company can not gain entry to the American marketplace .', " No , I'm sorry we don't . We accept credit cards and cash . ", ' Not really . Very few people get married beforethe age of 20 . ', 'My boy-friend an I seperated on his initiative.', 'Before an oral examination - which I did not take eventually.', ' This ref needs glasses . Hey ref , open your eyes ! I can ’ t believe he didn ’ t see that ! ', 'Few years ago my father was very ill. He stayed at a hospital for a long time. Then I experienced that terrible feeling that I might lose him.', 'Lissa gazed up at him , at his vexed expression , and tried to quell the smile that pulled at her lips . ', "New Year's Eve party in the country, I hardly knew a person; my partner spent most of the time at the bar. I had little opportunity to get to know people because our table was separated and my boyfriend's parents were present.", ' Yes , it was . I managed to sort out the problem , but I was tied up with the matter for over an hour . ', ' He is fine . ', 'Lecturers being unfair to me in reports.', 'A teacher at my former secondary school forced my darling to marry him.  The girl tried to refuse but her parents would not leave her alone.', 'When I am out in the dark and a suspicious looking character comes towards me.', 'When I could study at university.', 'My sister had promised to help me to do a translation from English into German. But the day I needed her she told me that she was busy - I was very angry.', 'I worked for seven months in a factory, and made friends with a fellow worker.  Later, I visited my former fellow workers and was told that, while in the army, my friend had shot himself.', ' do you have a car ? ', 'When the bus driver failed to stop and pick me up at a bus stop.', " I didn't do well in last exams . If my father knows it , he will beat me up . ", ' Not at all . The feedback from audience has been great . I care about what they think more than what the critics think . ', ' That won ’ t be a problem . ', ' Pardon ? ', ' ok , we will . How do you get around in the evenings ? ', 'When I saw my 16 year old sister at home after having waited for her all night, not knowing where she was.', 'On , darn . The grocery store is closed . ', " Oh , no ! I can't have failed . Are you sure ? ", 'When my father was ill and was waiting for the results of his tests.', " that's what friends are for . ", 'The death of Jaya Prakash Narayan caused a great deal of sadness as I believed that he was the only true democrat and a ray of hope on the Indian horizon.', 'My sister gave birth to twins, healthy ones.', 'When I am alone and listen to a song which I like very much and which I had listened before together with friends.', ' I ’ d love to , but you know I ’ Ve got another appointment . I ’ m really sorry . ', 'When I knew I had to go out with my mother on some errands.', 'At the pre-university, I was appreciated as an examplary student by our pricipal.  This is something which made me feel very happy.', ' How do you like this waltz ? ', 'I was a prefect at secondary school.  On the sports day I told others that I would take down the names of the people who misbehaved and after some time I sat down for a brief rest.  Suddenly the head prefect came and scolded me in front of others.  I was very angry as there were other prefects sitting and he picked on me.  I thought that a brief rest was not  serious enough to be blamed.', 'At about nine p.m., I went home by bike on a dark cycle-track; because of lack of time I had to take the short-cut.', 'Three weeks ago a friend of mine bid me good-bye before going abroad.  I felt happy for her as she was achieving something by making the trip, but I also felt sad as I would not be seeing her for a long time.', 'I lead a rather secure life.  The only thing I can remember is a song from the nineteenth century which is against alcohol.  Both the melody and the word (although naive) effected my emotions.', 'When the Cambridge results came out and I obtained a first division.  I had been thinking that I had not done very well.', ' Woo , easy . ', ' About 70 , I think . This newspaper article talks about the problems of an aging population . It ’ s a problem that will soon affect most of the world . ', " No , I'm scared of cats . ", 'Tolonen nodded , suddenly wistful , his lips formed into a sad smile . ', " That's too bad . I need to discuss these plans with him . ", "` It 's actually made me quite nervous about being in London . ", '@_AndreasHuebner: is nothing else than perverted #faith. Your ability to fear is a proof of your ability to #believe.', 'I was asked to stop studying economics, a field which interested me, by my employers.', " C'mon , don't blame me ! I thought it was a new camera . We could use it.We were even thinking about buying a camera . I don't understand how he could have such a perfect-looking box . ", " It's a new concert hall and the acoustics are great . ", ' Is he ok ? ', ' Just hold me ... I ’ ll always be here for you , no matter what . And together , we can tackle whatever life throws at us . I believe in us , steven . ', 'When I was in Bombay one of my good friends was getting married and he had not informed me about it, this made me sad.', 'When I missed my train this morning, I felt sad for some time.', 'Residential workers are faced with youngsters who are not only anxious and resentful about family events , but may also be mistrustful of those who try to help them . ', ' Oh yeah ? ', " Didn't I ? ", 'For a moment she felt anger at his unfeeling attitude , but common sense prevailed . ', 'When a friend of mine discussed with me, I felt fear of losing her. This occurred because we had a missunderstanding between mutual colleagues.', 'When I failed an exam I thought I would pass.', 'But the address underlines the anguish of Her Majesty \'s speech after the Windsor Castle fire when she referred to 1992 as her ` annus horribilis " . ', "But seriously , I 'm very happy that you 're staying . ", 'I was the compere at a party and all my efforts to get the show rolling were thwarted by the immobile, non co-operative guests.  I felt frustation - bordering on anger.', "In a discussion the leader wanted to stop because she was of the opinion that we were not involved and she misjudged our reactions as negative. We however only posed several questions which she couldn't answer.", 'At a party in which I met an interesting female. We enjoyed eachothers company, while slow dancing.', 'I was not chosen for the All English class.', ' I am feeling very positive .', "Where's Bob ? ", "My paternal grandmother had died. We weren't close but she was blood. I didn't cry but I was sad, partly due to her death and partly I think, due to the fact that I could not / did not cry.", 'During the funeral of my grandmother, when I saw my mother and other family members crying.', 'At rejection / being ignored by a loved person held in great esteem.', 'When I got to know that I had passed the university entrance exam.  I thought that I had done one of the exams badly.', "You'd better prepare for the examination . ", "My flatmate was asking questions about my relationship with my boyfriend, whether I wasn't treating him as unfairly as I claimed he'd been treating me. As a result, I was angered, and became defensive.", "I was coming home from a relative's place and it was about 9.30/10 P.M.  I felt slightly apprehensive when I got off the bus and started walking towards my place.  I was confident that nothing would happen to me, yet there was this slight feeling of fear.", 'As a child, when I was at home alone, I felt in an indefinate manner afraid of the death of my father and mother.', ' What if someone got it in their head to give them a tug ? What then ? ', 'When my grandmother died.', 'When I and the person mentioned above had a suspicion of pregnancy.', ' It ’ s very simple . Men shake hands , women and children don ’ t . ', ' My grandmother just passed away . ', 'A friend forgot his appointment with me.', 'When my friend did not pass the high school graduation examinations.', 'When I was accepted at university.', " Why doesn't he ask her ? ", 'When I was an adoption agent, we put folk thru the RINGER to get kids. But any old Travionica Jenkins can bust em out. And KEEP them. ', " thank you , Steve . You're always so encouraging . ", ' Do ya ? ', " Ok . I'll call you Saturday morning . ", "For all those years you've protected the seed, it's time to become the beautiful flower.~S.C. Paul   ", "I told my boy friend not to park in a certain place because the car would ger towed away - he didn't listen and it was towed away. At that stage, our finances were below the poverty line & it cost us $10.00 - all the money we had to get us through that week (including rent).", ' Why didn ’ t you just answer my question directly ? Why would Chinese answer questions this way ? I simply asked if you did it or not . It ’ s a very simple question . And Chinese often give the reason before they would give a direct answer . ', 'I felt sad with the two situations I described before. The cat and the school. Sadness was intermingled with the other feelings.', 'Brother took my money to use for his own purposes.', 'When my boyfriend last told me he loved me after I gave him an impulsive kiss.', 'On one of our visits we found a representative of the Occidental Oil Company stranded there , looking most miserable and bedraggled in the morass of mud and pouring rain . ', " But they aren't very fashionable . What about these ? ", 'Suppressing her annoyance at being called " Little Sara " , she replied that all was well . ', 'While taking a short cut through the Vasa park, I was surrounded by three people who tried to steal my money.  I was scared and was saved only by the appearance of other people.', ' Why ? ', '` Robots , " he said , ` gave me a means of venting my anger , " a remark whose logic baffled me until I read another ` Logic alone can not explain this . " ', ' Yes . ', 'When I took the first year university exams and made a lot of mistakes in the P110 exam.  I was afraid of failing and thus being unable to go to the school of medicine.', 'One night, when I got out from the University I saw two strange people near my car. When I got near, they moved away, and then came close again. I had a feeling that they were assaulters. After I left I discovered that the windshield was broken.', 'I was at home alone and my mother had asked me to heat the house. I put too much fuel into the stove. It began to glow and there was a noise in the whole house as if it was going to explode.', 'The two observers exchanged amused glances and then wandered away under the trees . ', ' I got laid off today . ', "Derby County 's grief at the foot of the first division continues as they went down two one at Crystal Palace . ", " The cat has eaten my fish , I'll kill it . ", ' Poor girl ! ', ' How much ? ', " She's ten . ", 'When I went for a picnic in Lonavala, I felt full of joy.', 'I saw the world without any borders in my  I was flying under the sun above the trees, no just #love. Dreams are my reality', 'At the same time , I \'m elated and I can go back to the vices I did have , " said Mr Tyson . ', 'For the loss of a close friend or relative, but you feel grief when you are away from home, too.', " Didn't I ? ", "A wave of cheerful elation swept over her as she separated her pound note from Yanto 's fivers . ", ' Exactly . ', 'He saw Maud once in the Kurfrstendamm , eating alone in a cafe and looking a little desolate , with a stack of coins already piled beside her plate although her meal had only just come . ', ' See you . ', " No , sir . I'm sorry you can't . ", 'How are you ? ', 'At age 10 my foster grandmother died, I had a fear of dying.', "Sometimes when I go to work my crazy boss (a hyper Jewish lawyer) insists I do things his way (filing, typing, etc.). He sometimes blames me for things I didn't do, and I can't yell back at him.", 'I had made an error in planning a programme and had publicly accepted the mistake, despite repeated requests not to bring the matter for discussion a professor kept constantly passing remarks. I reacted angrily.  ', 'In order to be admitted to my final examination, I had to pass two examinations. As I had not studied very much, I resigned myself to be left behind. Nevertheless I succeeded in these examinations.', ' Terrible . ', 'Courage is knowing what not to fear. - Plato   ', 'We must not give in to the  must face those things we the most...', "This is the end , Jane . I don't want a girlfriend who goes out with other guys all the time . ", ' Heads . ', 'One winter day I, unwillingly, was outdoors with my younger brother (10 years younger than me).  I lost my temper on him and wanted to throw my brother down the snow bank we were on.  I pushed him but not as hard as I had wanted to. We were alone the two of us.', "My father won't be so pleased with me as if I was elected.", "I 'm very depressed and have tried to commit suicide several times . ", 'I got separated from the man I loved.', 'When I got first division in the exams before leaving school.', ' not only our annual sales brake a record , but our month by month earnings exceeded our forecast as well . After a two-year slump , we finally back in the black . ', "@YesIamQuESt would it offend you if when I listen to otFailure (the song) I'm thinking about girls?", ' What is two hand touch and flag football ? ', " It's easy . If you do exercise everyday , you can make it , too . ", ' I ’ d be afraid to jump from that height ! ', 'I had an important amount of money with me and felt fear of being assaulted.', ' My manager jumped on me for my mistake today . ', 'He says that Childine must survive because it has proved itself a lifeline for thousands of frightened , lonely and distressed children . ', 'Having agreed to share the taxi expenses, three people in the back of the car just ran off, leaving the person up front with the entire bill.', "Now it was the Young King who drew back and , doubtless to their father 's immense exasperation , refused to accept Richard 's homage . ", 'Someone spread rumours about me.', 'At primary school the teacher caught me cheating during a dictation.', ' Once in a while . ', 'Bang ? ! Bang ! Bang ! What are the Kings doing at seven o ’ clock on Sunday morning ? ', 'I know I ’ m going to bite the dust going down this hill . I almost got killed on the chair lift ! This is going to be so embarrassing . ', " Get out of it ! It wasn't as good as you think . ", 'Follow me on Twitter for official @OfficialPWG results and coverage', 'But some of the younger dons were ecstatic about the election . ', 'When I see how people around me pass by certain unjustice because of indifference or cowardice.', 'She became happier , more settled . ', '` I \'m so happy you could make it , my favourite jockey . " ', "A man kept a seat taken by putting his coat on it after a while the chair was still empty, I asked him if I could use the chair, he didn't agree for the chair was for his coat.", 'I was in love with a very beautiful girl and when I went back for my holidays I found her wth another guy who she said was just a friend.  Later I found them together and was convinced that there was something fishy.', 'I had a very pleasant conversation with one of my friends.', ' No regrets ? ', ' That will be great . ', " It's us . ", " It's not a cut . It's a gash ! It's bigger than a cut ! Ah ! I need a doctor . ", "It so happened that while staying at anaunt's place I discovered that I was afraid of sleeping in pitch darkness.  The room which my sister and I were sharing had no light, and I would refuse to sleep without having the light of the adjoining bathroom switched on.", 'A girl whom I trusted and with whom I had shared personal, confidential matters twisted the facts and told it to a common friend of ours.  When this common friend told me the version my friend had told her, I was angry.', "Startled , and by now more than a little frightened , Patrick headed for Foyles , hoping to lose his followers in the bookshop 's maze of nooks and corners . ", ' Yeah . ', ' Yes , I ’ m the manager here . What can I do for you , Madam ? ', ' No problem . ', ' No . ', ' Thank you . ', " Sorry , I'm very near sighted . ", ' I do not know what I could imagine , but I confess that I have seldom seen a face or figure more pleasing to me than hers . ', ' 650 Yuan . ', ' What for ? ', 'A smile of amusement played on his lips as he studied his unkempt prize . ', ' Oh , I see . ', 'Once I spent a night with a friend at the secondary school. We told each other horror stories and suddenly we heard uncanny noises. I was terribly frightened.', 'When I was informed that I had been accepted as a student of Psychology.', 'When I met my girlfriend again in another town after a long separation.', 'I went to a fair where a guy who was drunk kept bothering me and in the end I got really angry.', ' Well , you might pinch your eyelid ! Or lose an eyeball ! ', ' The situation differs in person . ', ' They arrested me without probable cause . ', ' Really ? ', ' Sure . ', ' But some women do shake hands . And now a lot of children have such good manners , they shake hands too . ', " I know ! But it's really important to her ! Her whole life could be ruined by this man ! ", ' Good . ', 'When I had crossed London forest I heard that there was a rabid hyena just near the path in the forest.', ' No way . I will be scared out of my wits . ', 'When I arranged our holiday in Paris, and my girlfriend raised criticisms all the time.', 'Boyfriend \\chatting up\\" another girl."', "The RSPCA says they will now try different tactics , attempting to gain the animals trust so they 're not so frightened of people . ", ' I hope so . ', 'When I married my wife and took her home for the first time.', " You are always like this . I've told you many times not to tell her . ", ' I ’ m glad . We have only about twenty things here , and I ’ m in a hurry to get home . ', 'LOVE LOVE LOVE Da Onli Thing I Truly ', " That's the style ! You just wear boxers . ", "It's hard when you something you have to do! Just because you don't feel like you're ready... Am I ready to #JUMP???", ' Fun for you ! Do you get to do anything you want ? ', ' You should change your attitude , or you will not pass the course . ', 'Watching an old lady running up the street to catch her bus and miss it, it reminded me of my own mother and how dreadful it would be to be her in the same situation.', " How many chances should I give you ? I've given up on you ! ", ' Laptop . ', 'I would like to register for a class today . ', 'When Christmas holiday started, I felt very joyful when I finished my last exam.', 'Found out that the girl I love loves me, too.', ' I like baseball and basketball . ', ' OK , next ? ', "I went to the school library and asked for a book, but the librarian told me that there wasn't such. However when an other colleague asked for it she gave it to him.", 'The Cloud just asked me lotza personal questions re: myself. Been avoiding upgrades awhile due 2this  #CylonTakeover #fb', 'This caused a good deal of consternation and dismay in Westminster . ', "And Glenn Close 's stubborn and pain-ridden performance as Sunny makes you sad for her and hate her at the same time . ", 'They caught a suspicious individual one evening , and turned him over to the police ; but he turned out to be a frightened bilberry-picker who had lost his way . ', 'Leonora lay rigid in his arms , resentful of being carried about like a bundle of laundry . ', "I was alone at home, in bed reading a womens' magazine in which there were storiees of paranormal experiences.  My leg was itching and I stretched my hand to scratch and I felt another strange hand. (later I realized that it was the corner of the blanket)", "Of course I like them ; if I didn't I 'd be utterly miserable . ", ' My bad.sorry ! ', ' Bye ! ', 'When my friend, as usual, forgot the tickets at home for a performance.  We missed it.', ' Do you have an online edition of that magazine ? ', 'My uncle died - I felt sad at the funeral.', ' That ’ s so unfair ! ', 'When my girlfriend decided to finish our relation.', ' Really ? ', ' Where did you learn it ? ', 'At my wedding - standing with the man I love and acknowledging that fact to members of family and friends.', 'When my husband lied to me, tricked me and when I had to leave my home.', 'Travellers might get used to jet-lag in the sense that they learn to live with it , or they might find it progressively more irksome as their initial excitement with travel begins to wear thin . ', 'He considered this thoughtfully , then a gleam of amusement came into his eyes . ', 'Country and Western is suitable for calming an agitated animal ', " Cool down , man . Everyone is fed up with the rush-hour traffic . But life isn't really all that . You should take the initiative and make some changes first . ", "Mumm . Those burgers smell great . It's perfect day for a barbecue . ", 'Doing unexpectedly well in an exam.', ' Yeah ? ', 'Many beef farmers in my constituency of Monmouth are deeply anxious about the impact of the MacSharry proposals . ', 'I can wait to see the return of factor tomorrow. My wife however is not', 'A person I trusted a lot gave me many false explanations to justify a wrong action.', 'When I travelled all the way to my former school to collect my certificate, only to be told that I owed them some money, I knew nothing about this.', 'F.E.A.R. = False Evidence Appearing Real   ', 'The average adult spends four years of their life suffering from a hangover that is @KellyMcQuaid4 and @lisa_shanley today ha ha!! ', 'Neither he nor Peter can conceal excitement at being back in the limelight again . ', ' Waiter ! ', "She 's miserable that it all has to end . ", " I'm studying medicine . ", 'I hate trucks. I hate truckers. Omg. I hate trucks. ', ' Well , whatever it does , I feel transformed ! ', 'When my boyfriend and I went out for a dinner and subsequently went to his family. We had a very nice evening.', ' Thank you , but I really want to relax myself . I ’ m very sorry . ', ' Yeah ? ', 'The warden and his wife , being owners of a Siamese cat , were not overjoyed to see Emily but they reluctantly fed her a saucer of milk , saying that she could stay for one night . ', 'When a man, a stranger to me, personally insulted a close woman friend of mine in public.', "My got my mathematics test's marks and could not believe that it was true.  In the past I would have at least 80% marks.  Was I getting weaker at studies ?  This made me feel that I should not expect too much from going to the university.", " He took all my things , but he didn't hurt me . ", 'Slept in a chapel and in the middle of the night I realized that there was someeone else in the chapel.  I never discovered who it was and why he was there.', 'My delight at everything I saw was beyond bounds  gardens were allotted my sister and self  there was the canal to fish in  a pony to ride  besides animals of different kinds ', ' Great . I have also been thinking of getting one . Do you think you could ask Jane to have a quiet word with Margaret ? My birthday is not that far away . ', ' What for ? ', 'In a sociology class I felt very angry towards some members of society for exploiting the Polynesian people, dawn raids by Police (Martin Luther King, Blacks in S.A.). But this was just a reflection of my own shortcomings.', ' Good morning , John ! ', ' I fell down and hurt my arm . ', ' Whoa . ', 'I had gone on a vacation and my mother left home without leaving me any thing - money to come back to school.', 'I was at home, filling my tax report.  Nobody had time to help me.  I would have liked to do it quickly so that I could go and meet a friend of mine who had just returned from hospital.  I got angry as both my brother and my father refused to give me their calculator as I had not asked for it nicely.  I could not leave as I had to wait for help and the tax report had to be done.', ' No , I am single . ', 'Clearly miffed at the failure of their resolution , the Communists opened an attack Thursday on another front , threatening to torpedo the 1997 budget by refusing to take part in the final vote Friday .', 'When seeing a friend that I had not seen in a long while.', 'A king not universally popular , who owed his throne to assassination , must have been sensitive on such an issue , and maybe sometimes nervous of joining large assemblies of armed men . ', " Are you sure you're finished ? ", 'When the time came for me to see dead bodies and to operate on them.', 'We are saddened to learn that for some people , the conference failed to develop strategies for action . ', "... for remember, fear doesn't exist anywhere except in the mind. - Dale Carnegie ", 'Even as he spoke , she saw the dawning horror in his eyes . ', "When I was pointed out as a problem child in primary school and my mother took the teacher's point of view.", 'I felt sad when my father was sick.', "Have we become so depressed about any real prospect of newness that we 've decided to enjoy our chains , masochistically dwelling on our miseries and inadequacies ? ", ' I ’ m so happy for the family ! They must be very relieved and excited about that . ', "Serena is torn between her sisterly love and her annoyance with Stella 's aggressive insecurity . ", 'Three of our candles are in this colour to represent our sorrow for our failure to love in so many parts of our lives . ', " It's a brick ! I can't believe how stupid I was . Damn it ! ", 'I was sad to hear that my brother had a motorbike accident.', " It's my girlfriend . I guess she's playing the army game . ", 'When I come home late at night.', 'When my beloved grandfather died.', "My relationship with a boyfriend was finished and I didn't succeed a years-course.", ' Sure . ', ' And now ? ', 'There is a mad boy in our village. This boy hit me with a raw paw-paw in the face.', 'Hi , Walter ! ', 'The situation in which I felt happiest in my life was when I was with the person I love for the first time.', 'When I was younger I was very good in apparatus gymnastics. I always won in competitions, but once I was only at the fourth place.', 'Winning a rowing race at a Karapiro regatta. With 7 other friends.', ' I will . ', 'I got a very good grade on one of my midterms a few weeks ago.', 'At first Anne felt indignant with Joe , but when she thought it over , realised the good sense of his warning . ', 'When my grandfathers died and I realized how much I would miss them.', ' For whom ? ', ' yeah , but I ’ m not there for fun . I have to remain professional and if I get distracted , the manager would be pretty upset . ', " I've been having a hard time sleeping lately . ", 'Not included on questionnaire.', 'When I was admitted to the Bulgarian State Conservatoire.', " It's us . ", 'This was when I found out that a cousin of mine had taken away my trousers without my consent.', 'My mother carried on using mental pressure concerning something which was serious and a real burden to me.', 'When my elder brother died.', ' Well , I just saw a horror movie last night . It almost frightened me to death . ', ' I am not sure . We will ask for directions in the coffee shop . ', 'He gave a little grunt of exasperation . ', 'When I attended the concert of a pop singer.', 'I quarrelled with my younger sister because I had said something against her boyfriend.  Consequently she looked through me when she saw me as she thought that I was trying to separate them.  She had misunderstood me.', 'Ten cold , frightened men climbed out of their trench and listened to the young officer in cynical silence . ', 'I have a girlfriend, who is almost like a daughter to me.  She is studying out of station and I get to see her only once a year.  Her arrival is always a joyous one.', 'Going out alone in the dark.', "I don't use to lie to my parets about what I do, and the two times that I felt anger were when they doubted me I said that I was going to the club, and they didn't believe me because the day before they had met me at FLIPERAMA. I had the wish to kill them.", " As a matter of fact , I am a bit upset . I just came out of a meeting and it didn't go very well . ", 'Rachel and her mother looked agitated . ', ' 120 yuan . ', 'Deceived by other people and ran into trouble.', ' Certainly . ', ' There is no need to be so frustrated . ', ' cool . ', 'The emotion came when I misbehaved at school and the Principal threatened me that I was going to be expelled.', ' All right . ', 'We went to visit my mother at the residence.  She was crying and said that she was about to die.  I believed all her complaints and continously thought of the possibility of loosing her.', 'Upon reading a story on a serial killer by the name of Henry Lee Lucas who has been given the distinction of killing more people that any other man. I began to wonder if I should take more care for my safety.', " Oh , shut up , will you ? It was all your fault.If you'd kept quite this would never have happened . ", " I'm sorry , I haven't decided yet.Do you mind giving me a couple of minutes ? ", ' First we will go to the city centre and stop for something to drink . Then we will visit the University Museum . ', ' By how many minutes ? ', "Sitting in a bus, I heard behind, the voice of a girl I was friendly with. After her talking for some time with another girl I decided it wasn't her in fact that someone miming her, which it was when I finally looked. I was talking to a friend at the time.", ' This is a pity ! ', 'When I won some coins in a small competion.', 'I had decided to propose to the man I liked to make a trip together.  One day, during breakfast I told him my idea.  I was afraid of his not accepting it and that the idea would end up as a failure.', ' Thanks . ', 'When my former boyfriend and I reconciled and he decided that I was very important to him. I had always wanted us to get back together again, but had doubted the likelihood of this, so I was very happy when my small amount of faith was vindicated.', ' She was patient , kind , fun , smart , caring , and yet strict , too . I really learned a lot from her . ', 'One night a very dear person said: \\I hate you\\". Of course it was an impulse and this person didn\'t feel that about me. The person expressed regret, and everything was settled, but I can\'t forget."', ' I am feeling very dissapointed .', ' I am dissapointed ', ' I am not feeling well tbh', ' Can I get the black ball in ? ', 'I was walking to my car at night and thought that I was being followed.', " Well , there's nothing I can do about my height ! ", 'The jeweller was overjoyed ; he began spending heavily . ', " I just don't trust you any more . ", 'I was angry when I had not been granted a leave out pass during the last weekend.', " I am glad we've straightened everything out . ", ' 150 pounds . ', 'Watching \\11 am\\". They had a programme on the starving refugees. Their plight was a source of sadness for me."', 'The Government have expressed their horror at such attacks on the police , but they also need to act . ', "The rebels --- who want the government to recognize them as a legitimate force of change --- were miffed that the bill referred them in vague terms , such as `` dissenting groups in Chiapas . ''", 'their are spies everywhere but the fruits are so big and the land have giants...but the lord told you to take the land but you have ', ' Oh , no ... ', 'When I finished my C.S. Project I was overjoyed. I felt relieved because it was due the next day and I was tired of looking at it.', 'When I was accused of something I had not done.', ' I know . ', ' But I doubt myself . ', "I worked at a lawyer's office during Summer and I got a very good reference from him.", 'Trying to hide her enormous delight in his return , Juliet turned to David . ', '` But other people became very sad and worried . ', 'After an exhausting day I came home and wanted to take a bath to relax. My father wanted to take a bath first and when he had finished after an hour, there was no hot water left for me.', "I felt much anger and perhaps I feel it till now, against my girlfriend's sister who incited her to betray me just when I needed her very much. She didn't think of anything, simply passed over everything.", "I 'm getting vexed . ", 'Libel lawyers are nervous of the word " lie " because it implies that a person said something which he knew was untrue . ', ' So many ? ', "During the summer I received grade cards from my TA's. I expected a B no better in Computer Science. I looked at the card - I got an A - I was ecstatic.", 'In 1989 he began libel proceedings in the UK against the Singapore government after the Privy Council had expressed " deep disquiet " over his treatment by the government [ see p. 37574 ] . ', 'Edward concealed his dismay . ', " I'm sorry . ", ' Fair enough . Give it to me straight . Did she bully you into this ? ', 'She was agitated ; there were a few tears . ', " We don't . ", "The awakened will gives rise to fear of God , sorrow for sin , hope for forgiveness and love of God ( Leah 's first four children ) . ", 'The note said Imro was concerned there might be ` similar undetected shenanigans " in other occupational pension schemes . ', 'That day I was alone at home after coming home from school.  I did not know where everyone else had gone, I kept waiting for them to come back and nobody came.  It was getting very late and I was terrified.', ' Why ? ', 'She cackled and slapped her knees , bent double and wheezing with delight at her own witticisms . ', ' Who knows ! That might come to later . ', 'From a starving stray it was transformed into a contented house cat . ', ' bye ! ', 'Korean judges cheating.', 'The elation of witnessing birth may be followed by a sense of disorientation at being a displaced person . ', 'Then , having shown the plate to various not very excited colleagues , he resumed his holiday . ', " That's true , but then you have to buy a record player . ", ' Couldn ’ t be better . And you ? ', 'When I dream of anything terrifying I used to have fear for the rest of the day that the dream might come true e.g., being beaten (or eaten ?) by a snake.', 'My roommate was rude to me.', "When my brothers were being cruel to my boyfriend, because his flat-mate bent back one of my brother's fingers. It wasn't his fault.", ' Lily broke up with me last week . In fact , she dumped me . ', 'I work for a journal. Once the lay-out came to nothing, due to thoughtlessness of some colleagues.', 'He got quite angry at the impossibility of Clarissa having given any such instructions . ', ' I feel like maybe I am coming down with the flu . ', 'When the relationship with my first girlfriend broke up and I realized it too late.', ' Photograph . ', " Congratulations ! What's your normal handicap ? ", " To be honest , in order for the earth to continue to be a habitable place , we're all going to have to become more interested in the environment . ", 'Meeting with two of my friends I had not seen for 15 years. They were special people to me.', ' I think someone is stalking me . ', " She's ten . ", 'When I passed standard 8 exams I jumped, rolled over the ground.', "One night we, all the family members, were sitting in the front corridor of the house when a gentleman looking person came in.  He was my father's client and he had come to bribe my father in connection with the proceeding case.  At my father's refusal he abused my father, my brother and I could not control our temper and we rushed at him.", ' Two tickets , please . How much are they ? ', ' Merry Christmas to you ! ', ' Ho , no ! ', 'My friend misunderstood me.', 'Losing a boyfriend for the second time to my friend. He fell in love with her. The same thing happened a few months earlier with another boyfriend.', 'I felt very frightened when a robber broke into our house and threatened to shoot my father if he did not part with some money.  I was looking at the man with his hand on the trigger.', ' Uh , yes . ', 'I had a dream : I had a very close friend who had several stone houses in the New Territories (villages) but they did not have much furniture.  He took me to see his fields (I had never seen them before) and there were several inches of clear water on which the sunshine was reflected.  I wanted to sit among the short green plants in the fields but was afraid of treading the plants to death.  My friend said \\They will not die\\" and I sat down happily and my trousers did not get wet."', 'Walking along with a dog barking at you and following you.', 'An incident occurred to me when I was going home with my girlfriend. On the way, a man named Banda grabbed my girlfriend in my presence. I was really angry with him and as a result I threw stones at him and he ran away.', " You think it's funny . I'm terrified . ", " Yes . I can't find my sweater . I have my laundry sent to you yesterday but when the washing is done . I find my swatter missing . ", 'Had a letter from my father (usually he does not write to me).', " But you have had lily already ? You should have told me about her , but you didn't . ", ' Yes . ', 'I was annoyed when a person higher up asked me why a particular job was not done, it was not my job to do it.  ', 'When they put the blame on me when I scored the third goal at the match.', "When I used to go to my chief asking about any doubt about the job and he didn't care, didn't answer me, leaving me speaking alone.", 'When I saw an accident, a woman was run over and she died on the spot.', 'A dear friend was removed from the division whre I work.', ' Good idea . ', ' Positive 。 ', 'I am concerned about my seven-year-old son . ', ' I am not feeling well', ' No joke ! ', 'When a little brother of mine damaged a cassette.', "When I was ringing up a guy who was my teen idol, and was in Auckland. I was really scared, I didn't know what to say or do.", 'Being a spokesman for the union, I got into a quarrel with a colleague who had been acting disloyally over a sustained period of time.', ' the ones that are my age are close relatives . Now that I ’ m older , I don ’ t spend as much time with them as I used to , so I don ’ t know my younger cousins as well as the older ones . ', 'When my brother was selected to the University of Malawi (the Polythecnic). I was very excited and I rejoiced due to one of our family members qualifying for University level at long last.', ' Yeah , I will be there . ', 'My father recently having a heart attack - spending a few months in hospital.', " It's my pleasure to talk with you . ", " So what's the problem ? ", 'Captain McArthur was a musical comedy aficionado , and not pleased when Mrs Kingswood spoke critically of the form . ', 'My annoyance at missing the fish turns to relief when I realise I am not snagged in the roots . ', 'I had been separated from my girlfriend for about a year.  On her birthday I put a present in her mailbox.  I had spent two days choosing a suitable present for her.  I waited for a few days and there was no reply from her; at last I received a thank-you card in my mailbox.  On the card there was only my name, the words thank-you  and her signature.  I was very sad then.', 'When I learned that my parents were going abroad and leaving me alone for a few years.', 'That was really a nightmare ! ', ' My parents . ', "I arranged with a friend to go skating the next day. He asked me to wake him up by telephone at twelve o'clock because we had come home late in the morning. Next day I called him - he was not at home. As something like that had happened to me several times before, I came to the conclusion that one cannot rely on anybody and I felt very sad.", ' Yes , they do . But you can only access all the articles if you have a subscription . ', ' Oh , SHUT UP ! ', 'First away game at Parrot Academy today!! wish our V. Boys and Girls luck if you see them in today :) #letsgocanes', "Don't let to rob your prayer life of the #power it is supposed to have.  #NoFearHere", "To my mind , it begins so well that it could easily be mistaken for a translation of an eighth-century hermit 's verse , composed in a beehive hut by a contented holy man of Old Ireland . ", 'Sometimes I experience sadness for the Sports High School and for my unrealized dreams in the sport. Anyway there I spent six years of my life.', "Since I moved into the dorms and I've been spending most of my free time with my boyfriend. I hardly see my old high school friends. I had several bad incidents with my 2 past best friends.", 'I have a fobic anxiety for elevators. This anxiety is worst at the moment when the doors have to open. I have it often in the elevator at our university.', ' Classic . Something that could calm your mind . ', 'After going through much shame, I became a Christian and something new happened in my heart.  Joy that overflows was manifest in me.', 'On my birthday, when a very close friend sent me a huge bouquet of flowers.', "` If you don't help me , I shall make you more miserable than you have ever been in your life . ", 'Watched a horror movie which involved sexual attacks on women.', ' Oh , no ! What should I do now ? ', "I laughed -- I didn't feel offended . ", 'At a lack of love of my father for my mum, sadness for him more than anyone else because he does not realise how much love and happiness there could be between them, and is, and how much he is damaging himself apart from mum.', 'You know that scary realization you are not going to make it until your next paycheck? Yeah, that. Payday is a painful 13 days away. ', 'I felt anger at my last exam, I felt angry with our teacher, because he did not rate me objectively and I failed.', 'His voice was tetchy , but not alarmed . ', 'When I go out alone at night.', ' That ’ s great ! Do you have any plans ? ', "I don't understand why some parents keep beefing and complaining about their daughters not being able to follow suit . ", ' Which guy ? ', 'When I knew that they would not give me a transfer from one university to another.  I began to insult the educatioon authorities and the government, I ended up at the door.', " Nice to meet you , Lean . My name is Alike . I'm from Japan . ", 'When my aunt died.', ' I will do . ', ' I see . ', 'What does stand out is that everyone believes that the profession , its standards and its aims , matter , and they all feel an excitement about the job of acting . ', 'Tzann clucked his tongue with mild exasperation . ', 'For example , mildly depressed and tired old people used to be given amphetamines . ', 'I was driving and stopped at a stop light. I was planning to make a right turn as soon as it was clear. It was clear on the left so I started but a man was just in front of the car.', ' Laura . ', 'Reading a horror story alone.', ' No wonder he asked for my address first-he just wants to harass me ! ', ' Bread . ', 'Heard some ghost-like noise at night.', ' Yeah . ', 'When I passed my driving test, as it was the fifth time that I had taken this test.', 'After studying a lot for my H.S.C exams, I could not make it to the medical stream and I felt sad about this.', 'As I was in a ward one man died and I was instructed to watch the last offices. But this was my first time to see a dead person - fear came.', 'Rock became aware that the thrilling , magical father , who had taken his young son backstage , on the road , drinking , water-skiiing , was gradually becoming a resentful tyrant . ', "Thinking that I had been seen smoking at school by a teacher - waiting to be summoned to the headmaster's office.", ' Oh , I see . ', ' I had high hopes for NYU . ', ' Yes , I agree with you . When I retired I will participate in programs to keep momentally active . ', " I recommend you ride a bike instead of commuting by bus . It may offer you many benefits . First , it's good for your health . I'm afraid it's not necessary for me to further elaborate . While lots of people spend time like an hour each morning exercising , a bike ride to work not only builds you up , but also makes full use of time . You might as well sleep out for a longer hour . ", "The second time I went to the entrance exam to V.S.P. and didn't get approved.", 'The mood by this time may be more depressed , as they start to look at their own problems as opposed to those of their partner . ', "Anger I felt when my boyfriend told me he didn't mind breaking it off with me, i.e. each of us to take his own road. Because until that moment, he deliberately restricted our dates. The motives were brought to my knowledge later.", 'When I talk to silly, petty-minded and unmanageable people.', ' Yes ... ', " OK . Then I'll be expecting you . ", 'I felt it at the same time when I felt disgust.', " It's very nice . ", 'Hi , Nicole . Did you have a good weekend ? ', ' Very badly , doctor . ', "When I broke the window pane of my next door neighbour's house.", "I had been drinking with a pal and I later (1 o' clock) had a date  with my fiancee.  We were going to a Spanish lesson and I was afraid that she would smell that I had been drinking.", ' Me what ? ', 'Found out that my grandmother might have been misdiagnosed as a psychiatric patient because the doctor did not know about neurologism.', ' Yeah . ', "I hear that you've been to the Saikei Ski Resort for the weekend . Did you enjoy it ? ", ' Thank you . ', ' Yes . ', 'When I was accepted into the medical school.  Medicine is a profession that I have desired ever since my childhood.', ' Why ? ', 'Cycling in the spring sunshine gives me such delight.  Happiness is to be healthy, my wonderful finance.  Simply being here on earth.', 'As in sadness (A), relating to this slaghter of fur-seals.', 'The Lord will  you from all evil; he will  your Life& Psalm 121:7 God is a  walk no evil for YOU are being #Kept!', 'A patient in an anxious state is more likely to bump into , or trip over , objects ; shaking or tense hands are more likely to drop things , spill things and so on . ', 'The remaining men were just preparing to leave when suddenly a young man called Laban Tall rushed into the malthouse , almost too excited to speak . ', 'Fear of the turn that the examination paper would take as I lacked confidence.', 'When my sister left home to go and live with her husband.', 'To me that puts us in a difficult position when trying Germans , whose crime was obeying their superiors " orders , whatever our horror at what those orders led to . " ', 'A tailor ran away with my skirt.', " I suppose . What can they do ? I don't even know who he is . ", ' I ask you to pass through life at my side-to be my second self and best earthly companion . ', ' Oh , I see . ', "My sister and I were fighting as usual. She's older tham I am, bigger built and stronger I couldn't win in a physical battle and in a verbal battle I couldn't seem to get through to her to really hurt her.", 'Moving to an unknown place, away from the familiar surroundings and into a situation of loneliness.', 'My husband suddenly fell ill seriously and during the medical examinations we did not know what would follow.', 'When mother was very ill, I feared that she would die.', 'Fear of punishment for having broken an item of value to my parents.', 'A close acquaintance of the family died of lung cancer.  Although it was expected, I still felt depressed.', " Thanks for reminding me . She's the right person to help me . ", 'I was afraid when I learnt that my father was seriously ill in hospital.', ' What ? ', ' Oh , I see . ', " I'm tired of your cut-and-dried opinions . Who do you think you are ! ", ' Now I know that something bad is up ! ', ' I am feeling upset', ' Shall we keep pur friendship ? ', " Yeah , but that's not why I am upset . I just found out another guy got a promotion . He doesn't know how to do anything . He sits there and kisses the managers butt all day long . ", ' Where ? ', 'When I was coming back home alone at night.', 'I feel a certain strange surging thru my soul....., yet it feels so off-limits..wht do I do... Wht. Is there to say? ', 'The poor frightened girl packed her things and ran out , saying she was going to Reno for a divorce . ', 'When I recently got a very positive answer from a clinic telling me that they would willingly assist and collect data for me for a clinical pilot study.', 'I wandered by mistake into the safety zone of a shooting range, and was shot at.', 'When going out in the weekend I have to bike 5 kilometers through lonely and dark polders, then I always have terrifying fantasies.', 'Fear of doing well on a midterm.', 'When I got home from a pleasant trip abroad, I got to know that I had been accepted at university.', 'My mother left my father for his best friend, and he moved to Papua New Guinea. Despite the fact that I am closer to my father than to anyone else in my family, I had to move in with my mother, and say good-bye to my father, not knowing when I would see him again.', 'When it suddenly appeared that our dog was dangerously ill and probably would die. We had not expected this because he was always very healthy. Fortunately he survived because we, in turn, gave him medicines during the night.', 'Hello ! ', 'Her grief at his death was deep and sincere . ', ' Bye ! ', 'When my grandfather died, with whom I had a very close relationship.', " And it's a brick ? ", 'When I heard what mark I had got at the entrance examination and I realized my admittance to the University was almost certain.', 'I ’ m itching for moving ! ', 'But experts at the Coney Hill Psychiatric Hospital are alarmed . ', " It's really very easy saying you're sorry . ", ' Well , then , may I invite you for the next dance ? ', 'At which point , according to my informant , everyone looked absolutely horrified and said : ` Oh no , Prime Minister ! ', 'I was suddenly infuriated at the thought of what we had believed about the Germans in England . ', ' Um ? ', 'When I was going home for my holiday, I almost drowned in the Zambezi river.', " Sorry , I'm very near sighted . ", " Some time next year . We haven't set the date yet . ", 'I was peeved to see Robert Kilroy-Silk credited with inventing the egg trick in a recent colour supp. profile . ', 'Feeling desolate , she climbed back into the car , not daring to look at Roman in the silver moonlight . ', "I visited a special education school. The headmaster applied a policy of strict positive - negative reinforcement to the children involved. Children who measured up to his standards were made a fuss of - children who didn't were ignored.", 'When I was walking on a fairly out-of-the-way street.', ' Yes . ', " in the morning,  in the evening. It's been a good day.", " I'm sorry . I forget all about it . ", "My parents thought that I didn't do my best to pass the final examination (secondary school). When I achieved a good grade they said nothing, but if I had had a bad grade they would have become very angry.", '@mcstroup I think my fear of squirrels came from seeing National Lampoons Xmas Vacation as a child...a squirrel attacks a woman in it ', "My younger brother and I had been fighting over the TV/Video. He kept on turning it on and off every 2 seconds and was not listening to my authority and was being cheeky. We fought and I ended up in tears - he'd won.", '` I was so pleased she lived until just after Sam was born . ', 'Gina glared across the table at him , uncomfortably aware that he was the source of her unreasonable impatience , and resentful of the effect his presence was having on her . ', 'I last really felt sad when I left home for I was leaving all my long time, pre-kindergarten relationships behind.', ' Why ? ', 'When a friend, after being free of drugs for half a year, started using them again. ', 'When I qualified for form I.', ' Yes , but I bet $ 200 dollars on the Cougars ! ', "When my grandfather died, I saw my grandmother crying against my aunt's shoulder (I had never seen my grandmother cry before).", "is a creative block to our body's natural flow of #instincts and #intuition that are often not cultivated in the Western mind.", 'Once, late at night, I was biking home and overtook a man. He said to me \\Hello darling\\" I was terrified and imagined the wildest scenes."', " I've never given a speech in front of a thousand people before . ", " I'm sorry . I didn't reconfirm in time and they gave away half of the seats . ", ' Something like listening to music is a good idea . ', ' Oh , no . ', ' There is evidence ! You know Edwin Hubble ? He ’ s the guy who in the early twentieth century was the first scientist to measure the drift of matter in the universe , thus advancing notions of an expanding universe . What would it be expanding from ? Well , the Big Bang ... DUH ! ', ' You have your library card , right ? ', 'Bye , mom ! ', ' All in all , it will never lose its appeal . ', 'I heard friends grumbling at me in an adjoining room, although they had behaved in a friendly way when I was present.', 'One day, when I was a child, my grandmother shut me up in a room.', 'I am a school teacher.  One of the classes does not obey me at all, keeps on talking, does no work.  One afternoon, everything went wrong, and I got exceedingly angry.', 'When I passed my form three exams.', ' Oh , I see . ', ' I am upset', 'Its funny how we take a day a year to dress up in costumes and celebrate ', 'When I lost my grandmother.  She had been my guardian after the death of my father.', " I'm very sorry , sir . I'll ask the manager to take care of this . ", "Patrick was not ready yet to share Stevie 's excitement . ", 'We are several friends but our characters are very different and we inevitably split in the two extremes. It is sad that I myself don\'t know what to do, I try not to hurt either of the \\parties\\" because there are conflicts to which one I should belong."', ' Here it is . ', 'At a prolonged separation with my family.', ' It depends . ', ' I ... I ... ', ' About what ? ', ' & you ? ', 'On a boat trip to Denmark, 14 of us had a lot of fun and we spent SEK 10 each on one armed bandits and against all odds we won the jackpot of SEK 1000.', 'Fruit and vegetable growers in the area are furious about the decision . ', ' Thanks a lot . ', 'When my first boyfriend left me. I tried not to let him understand I felt miserable.', 'He is so anxious about being accepted that he is trying to be extra good and even perfect . " ', ' Thanks . ', " I'll try ; it's hard ! ", "After a one year's stay abroad, I returned home. I was even more glad to see how much my family was pleased to see me.", 'A disconsolate group of climbers sitting round a kitchen table all lean forward and peer out at the iron-grey clouds rumbling past . ', " It's nice to hear that anyway . ", ' So ? ', ' What for ? ', 'When I passed the B.A exams with first class results.', ' Pardon ? ', ' For what ? ', ' Thanks , I will , byebye ! ', 'In the 1940s wives were still bitterly resentful of the fact that their husbands did not seem to realise that they needed leisure . ', 'On my 18th birthday I passed the driving-test. I was glad because I had had to study very much, because I had been lucky and because - as a proof that it was really difficult - not everybody had passed the test.', ' Exactly . ', ' Maybe . ', 'About the car (sadness) I felt anger the way I acted after negotiating it.', " Sure , I'll give you a call . ", ' Why ? ', 'I had worries about a certain illness.', 'It is her whole situation -- she is so mournful and silently accusing and sometimes , Robert , I think her as mad as Landor with all this nonsense she makes of the Bible from time to time . ', 'I felt very happy when I heard I had passed the examination to move up to the second year course.', 'Waiting for the start of from @OfficialPWG. The return of #SuperDragon will be a great night!', ' No problem . ', 'When my uncle gave me my first year\'s results.  I opened the envelope and my eyes ran into two \\B+\\" - in EC110 and M160, this meant that I had qualified for a major in economics."', 'I remembered that Tansy had said something about a pendant and Topaz being quite excited about it . ', '` Why ? " sighed Petrova , a little peeved that her deductions were now proving wide of the mark . ', ' Thank you . ', ' Yes , Jane was quite upset about it . The manager came to apologize and we did get free dessert , but still ... ', 'I was drawn up a statement for an infringement of the traffic ordinance. In fact I was innocent.', 'Parkin sighed with exasperation . ', ' Which room are you in ? ', ' This one ? ', ' Good . ', "I had a girlfriend who lived several kilometers away from my home. One day she wrote me that she'd visit me. On her way she had a car accident and was badly injured. I was very sorry to see her lying in a bed in the hospital.", 'When I won a position on the track-team for the trans-tasman games when I was eleven.', 'When a person that I like very much got near to me.', 'Quite a few of my classmates had done their speeches and I was getting really nervous as the day for my turn drew closer and closer . ', ' You do ? ', 'Guy Sterne was having great difficulty in controlling his amusement . ', 'This week I was phoned by an old friend with whom I lost contact a few years ago.', ' I don ’ t think it makes sense . Three minutes is such a short time . ', 'When two of my children were critically ill with measles.', ' Quiet everybody ! ', 'He was concerned that to include the large Asian countries in such a scheme would introduce problems that the small nations could find difficult to resolve . ', 'When my aunt passed away in early 1982.', " You're right , Sarah . I was a fool . I can't believe it . How could I fall for such a trick ? ", " I've lost my Traveller's Cheques , all of them . ", '@avilalipsett1 this will be my first Christmas on twitter, looking forward to 2/3 weeks of solid being tweeted&#xA;#BloodSport', 'When I learnt that I had to repeat the first year, I found the solution immediately but was blocked by many difficulties.', " Good . I'm starving . ", 'I was jogging in the forest, in the central park area, when I saw a man hiding behind a tree.  I got frigthened, turned around and ran out of the forest.', 'Being alone at night.', 'My son lives in the country. I feel sadness when I see mothers having walks with their children.', ' Um . ', " But I don't think it's so nice . ", 'My grandfather had lung-cancer and was being nursed at home.  I felt fear when I was alone with him and he almost choked on mucus secretions.', 'In the pictures of Belsen , the sheer anguish on the faces of the Tommies contrasts starkly with the indifference of the SS recorded in their cheery souvenir albums . ', ' I wish the store close to us was open 24 - house a day . ', ' I ’ m not in the mood . ', "The weekend after I argued with my parents I went home again and they couldn't have been nicer. As soon as I walked in, Mum kissed me, then Dad, and thanked me for the birthday presents I'd left for him, including a very sentimental birthday card.", 'I was even more infuriated to read that their short separation was a ` tragedy " . ', 'About two years ago my girlfriend suggested that we separate.  This really gave me a shock as I had never thought that she would say such things.  The reason she gave me was that we were not suited for each other.', ' I doubt if I can pass it . ', 'After having watched a crime show on the TV, I was about to take the dog for a walk. Then, suddenly, there was a man on the porch... (We live some distance away from other people).', 'The fear of the  is the beginning of wisdom...doing His will connotes His ', 'When my car froze, and I could not start it.', 'When the bank let me borrow some money this winter, after my grant was spent.', 'When I was a child I hid under the sheets out of fear of darkness.', 'Climbing a mountain where the rocks were very loose. When we realized the danger, we were very high up, but still had a long climb ahead.', 'A classmate damaged ma iron and tried to hide the damage.', 'One evening I saw the old guard-man I knew, change into something inhuman for about 5-10 seconds, this really frightened me.', ' Yes . ', "To Erika 's intense annoyance , Fritz promptly accepted the invitation -- obeyed the command , rather -- and as Rosa moved on to the floor with another boy , she was left feeling abandoned -- and foolish . ", 'My boyfriend told me that I had very high demands towards him. In my opinion this was wrong.', " I didn't do anything . Finally , he left.But then I saw him again today . Outside the shoe store . Near the cafe . I went into a CD store and pretended I was looking at CD's . But then he came in too . ", 'I have done the teachers training course (B.Ed).  During our training I was asked to handle the ninth standard class in a boys school.  I was scared to face the class the first day.', ' Not really . ', 'Meera was a little nervous about having her hair coloured so Chris used the non-permanent Colour Touch . ', 'Before a hospital visit prior to a D&C under anasthesia for an expected miscarriage.', 'About a month ago the Regional Council refused to pay my wife the due maternity benefit, because of bureaucratic reasons.', 'I wrote an Exam and happened to have not done as well as I thought I would. I was angry to myself for not having done so well.', ' Again ! ', 'When my rights to use a shared house had been usurped by co-owners out of pure selfishness.', ' Yes . ', 'Heartbroken Tim Godwin weeps as he tells how he had to tell his 23-month-old daughter Sophie : ` Mummy isn\'t coming back " . ', ' Thanks ! ', 'Receiving a postcard form my sweetheart who was abroad on vacation, not being at all sure if he would write me or not.', 'Her voice shook , her face was white with anguish . ', "Lexie 's parents are pleased that their efforts may prevent other children dying from the side effects of steroid treatment . ", 'I was very scared at the time of the Ty.B.Sc examination as I had decided to get 1st class results.  I was afraid thinking of how the papers would be.', 'I was angry when my abilities of a singer were underestimated.', 'Genghis Khan, Adolf Hitler, Benito Mussolini, Napoleon Bonaparte and LaToya Jackson all share a common of cats.', '` Forgive me , Miss Kyte , " said the other lady softly , ` but you look quite downcast . " ', ' See you . ', 'I am so worried about this English contest . I have butterflies in my stomach now ! ', 'I was a bit frightened when it was found that there was something wrong with my liver. However it turned out that it was not serious and I need not worry.', 'Hey . Why did you take that money ? You are such a cheater ! I should send you to jail ! ', 'Some noisy guests arrived at the hotel.  I had been slightly irritated earlier.  At night when I was trying to sleep they were having a party so I went and yelled at them.  I wanted to sleep as I had to get up early the next day.', 'Despite moments of despondency , de Gaulle himself certainly did not give up hope . ', ' No , why ? ', ' I pressed the emergency button ! And then I stayed in the elevator waiting for the rescue . ', 'The time when someone let the air out of the tyres of my cycle.', ' I am sorry . ', 'The King was bluntly informing him that he was ill pleased at the lack of progress Corbett was making . ', 'My father suddenly fell ill. He stayed for 3 months in the hospital: the last month on intensive care of the Academic Hospital, then he died.', ' I ’ m fine . But I have bad news . ', ' Thank you so much , Lisa ! ', ' What ? ', 'To her delight he even took to discussing his work with her , and Leonora listened , rapt , utterly fascinated by glimpses of the other , professional Penry Vaughan she secretly found so impressive . ', 'One day, when I realized that I was alone, I felt fear of loneliness.', "During an informal talk with a friend when we talk about the life of another person, a common friend, that is in a situation of not being able to assume certain problems that he decided to solve, that is, she herself suggested the problems and decided to solve them but didn't get it until the moment.", ' You are right . Our company ’ s Christmas party has always been an amazing occasion for everybody to relax and get to know each other better . It is also a time to make new friends and do some networking . ', 'When I was accused of having refused to do some hostel work while I was at school.  Actually I had not been allocated any work.', 'just texted a higher-ranking officer than I and asked if it would be okay for me to replace him...   ', "THE Banishing Gripes campaign highlighted the public 's annoyance with British Gas for the inconvenience caused by digging up roads . ", 'When my girlfriend left me to go out with another guy, even though she knew that she was wrong.', 'Hello ', ' I do . ', 'His heartbroken mum , Colette , said : ` Paul is so upset . ', ' It sounds too bad . What will you do ? ', 'Jessica felt more than flustered , she felt devastated . ', ' She ’ s 18 . ', 'Last academic year I received bad news - my grand-uncle had passed away.  I felt lonely and bad because apart from the         biological ties, he was a good old friend of mine at home.', " You can't prick the fish to please the sick tastes of some bloody people . ", 'When I heard that my father had passed away.', 'During the exam period I studied in the library alone.  A close   friend of mine, who is also a classmate, told me that my application for a Japanese inter-cultural exchange programme had been accepted.  I was not very sure as I did not know that the list had been declared.  I ran to the board and saw that I was really included in the list.  I was so excited that I smiled all day long.  When I met my classmates and friends I told them the good news.  I was so happy that I could not concentrate on my studies. ', ' I don ’ t feel sick , ... let me check ... Nope ! No fever , I ’ m fine . ', ' Walk ? ', 'On a mountain tour, my girlfriend and I passed by an inn. Near the house there was a big dog which began to follow us. As my girlfriend is afraid of dogs, I had to draw his attention to me. He jumped towards my shoulders and wanted to play with me but I really did not like that.', 'There must be another reason why you are so sad , " he said , looking kindly at me . ', 'Fearing the use of power or reprimands when I belong to the minority.', 'When I was at the end-of-term party last week and had fun - was happy and sang and drank only soft drinks.  It is possible to have a good time without alcohol.', 'When colliding with my car. I myself was to blame.', ' Fine . ', 'My friend got married and went abroad, this made me feel sad and lonely.', ' So what ? ', ' For What ? ', 'Mitchum was furious when he heard that . ', ' Forget it ! It was a bitter pill for me to swallow . ', 'Thinking about friends overseas.', ' I hope so . ', '` Right now I \'m feeling very excited . " ', ' I am very upset', "When my chief accused me of an error that I hadn't made.", ' Room 103 . ', 'The passengers looked horrified . ', ' OK . ', 'When I thought that I had failed the examination.', " It's C261 . ", 'Instead , I made my way back along the sand , watching some evidently exhilarated surfers . ', 'I had gone camping with my old classmates and there was a storm.  We were in a flurry but at that time I felt the love and concern of my friends.', 'Overhear people talking about me and saying that I am stupid.', 'I most joyous moment was the day I got my marks.  I was very happy when I came to know about my marks at the M.Sc (part I) examination where I got 71.5%.  This was the highest marks I have ever scored in my life.', ' Possibly . ', ' OK . ', 'Afterwards , Mr Booth showed his delight by distributing chocolate bars to auction room patrons . ', 'I was working late on one of these bad nights when an excited Dr Laurent rushed into my office . ', ' But I always feel disappointed . I have many problems with English learning . ', "@RyanSchellShock They'll? Jeez I thought I was only being sent one I'm either the luckiest or unluckiest guy ever ", 'I felt sadness when my grandfather died.', 'Equally inevitably , there was outrage and dismay in India . ', ' Ok , spit . ', ' Yes . ', ' No , what ? ', ' Oh no ! A bear ! Run , Tiger , run ! Somebody call animal control ! ', "I'm leaving now , mum . ", 'When my wife gave birth to a baby boy - my only son to date.', " We're happy together now . We both think that we're a well-matched couple . ", "When I was in F4 I played a basket-ball match against another school's team.  One of their team members kicked a team-mate of mine so I kicked him back and we had a fight with each other.", " I'm sorry , but we don't allow returns on sale items . ", 'After I had made my debut at Ullevi against IFK, Gottenburg and got a good write up in the paper.', 'Stopped at lights in Mangere late one Friday night on way home from work. Alone in car when someone came up behind the car and started banging and shaking it. Light was red and had nowhere to go until light changed. When green I took off.', 'It seems that you get antsy when you hear I praise another guy . ', ' Not only that ! ', 'In a tram, the ticket seller was commanding, taking the role of a leader, trying to emphasize her non-existent authority with undue strictness towards a good-humoured drunk who could not find his ticket at once.', 'I had been working for more than an hour and my wrists ached from the continuous chopping , but I was filled with an immense exhilaration . ', ' I want justice . ', '` Then you can do so today -- at the barbecue , " Lucy hissed , suddenly infuriated with them both , although more so with Silas than with Doreen . ', "I can't remember being truly angry. Usually it's just disappointment that I feel. One situation would be with my brother. He and I used to be close but now he seems to be avoiding me.", 'Saw a snake unexpectedly.', " I can't . I am really behind of my work . ", "Towards wife's laziness in not performing her usual duties because of television watching.", ' A physics class about the creation of the universe ? That ’ s some pretty unscientific language there . Sounds more religious to me . ', ' Yes . ', 'I was living in rooms in a very lonely, quiet neigbourhood. During the night it was very silent and this frightened me. The fact of being alone in that house frightened me.', " Nine ... but I'll be ten on May 1st.When is your birthday ? ", 'he wants be bacc ! butt . . . ion kno mann !', "And though , as Lachlan had planned , they had expected the attack in the morning , they were quite happy when their lookouts reported the Macleans ' approach in the early evening . ", ' He ’ s my grandfather , and he never really liked you anyway ! ', " Don't worry , you'll find a way . ", 'Last year I went to see friends in Yugoslavia - two girls with whom I get along very well.', ' I apologize for their tardiness . ', 'And the overjoyed youngster was swept off her feet by her favourite royal . ', ' Yes . I am very glad to have the chance . ', "I don't know what to do , if I can't find the money . ", "end of life symptoms/not eating sleeping alot/is Ma's life ending?       ", 'The holidays come to an end, and the next day we had to go back to University and to the exams.', ' No , I listen to background music . ', ' I see . OK . ', ' Yes , I do . ', 'She Women share on of technology. Fear of not being able to find/trust sone to help. Impact: limit potential, missed opportunities.', 'Caused a family disturbance.', 'His glance slid over to them , taking in the horrified Katarina surrounded by malicious-looking women . ', 'He sifted , somewhat peeved , through the remaining unopened mail . ', ' ok , I ’ ll do that . Thank you , Iris . ', ' I will ! I could use some good luck ! ', 'Imagine my horror at seeing her step out followed by a man ! ', ' It ’ s a prediction of your month , based on your zodiac sign . You have a different sign for the month and date you were born in . I was born on April 15th , so I ’ m an Aries . When were you born ? ', 'When at very short notice I agreed to work in place of a friend who was sick, and owner of the restaurant refused to allow me a drink later in the evening (which is usually always available for workers), did not thank me, and was generally indifferent towards me - I felt I did not deserve this.', "Children that don't talk are scary when sick. What's this rash now? And was that what the nightlong crying was about?  #help", 'I was moving in the graveyard at 6.00 pm one day and was griped by fear because I was told that ghosts detain people moving there at night.', "Darby was momentarily crestfallen before saying : ` I still think it 's an office you need to find . ", " That's perfect . I will definitely do well . ", ' Yes . My bike has one under the seat . Get it , quick ! ', 'When boyfriend could not stand up to his mother or for himself.', "When I quarrel with my husband . He didn't even try to cool me out . ", ' Oh , what a terrible situation ! This traffic is unbearable . ', 'One evening, while going to meet a friend of mine, I had to cross a meadow by a dark road.  There were bushes on the other side of the road.  The weather was damp and a bit foggy.  I heard steps behind me and kept speeding up my steps all the time.', 'I was in a hopeless situation in a dirty place. No study, no work, only loneliness.', " I can't work out this problem . ", ' You think ? ', 'I broke my knee when I was skiing over \\Yastrebetz\\" (a racing track in a Bulgarian winter resort)."', ' Wow sounds interesting ! Excuse me if I am being a bit nosy but , how old are you ? ', 'Getting a good mark for a subject I had worked hard at but expected only a moderate mark.', 'Dolores felt glum at the sight ', ' it was also a proud day for me , but I also felt like a kind of loss that day . ', 'Look at this headline , Soo Mi . ', 'I work at a petrol station. When there is a foreigner who wants petrol my collegues treat him very impolite.', "I might have felt a little downcast at that point , only the evening had made me feel more encouraged about my prospects with her than I 'd felt for some time . ", ' Let the universe find us instead of forcing love . We prefer natural love . The most important thing is to be happy . Love will find us later . That is what we say . ', ' Oh yes ! Sorry ! Then we drive to the M11 motorway . ', 'When I failed the entrance exam to IMEC.', 'When I was selected to this university despite my having studyied in difficulty throughout my secondary school days.', " That's right , I have to work hard . ", 'Mike , come and look at this painting of shrimp ! It is so simple yet so vivid ! ', 'Producers must believe in their ability and not succumb to despondency . ', 'What is profound might become absolutely meaningless', 'When someone stole my bike.', " Oh , that's too bad . Should I call a doctor ? ", "My day wasn't that good...", " I don't know . I saw him the first time Tuesday . He was at the cafe . I noticed he was looking at me a lot . Not just the usual looking , but staring. He just kept staring at me . He didn't stop . ", " Exactly.That ' s the worst part . ", 'For Williamson , only soldiers who had fought in the war , and who understood the horrors of modern conflict , could save Europe from further disaster . ', 'suffering from a of failure? what is the worst case scenario? If it is not that bad, why are you still afraid?Hmmm, I think I am going', " Where is our camera ? Let's see if we can catch this on film ! ", 'When close relatives tried to dissuade me from studying Psychology because of its low status.', ' Bye . ', 'Walking alone in the dark in a strange street.', "remember this we took your land thanks so much day that we're winning the war on terror by an AMAZING margin but keep your up people", 'Serious sinking in, I apologize to anyone I offended/annoyed/embarrassed myself in front of last night #hatemyself #neverdrinkingagain', ' Well , it ’ s hard to say . I coughed a lot in the evening . ', ' I usually go in my free time on the weekends . How about you ? ', 'He looked away , a bitter anger in his eyes . ', 'Excuse me . ', 'One day, I was home and there was a phone call informing me that some of my relatives had died in an accident.', 'He was court martialled but to the anger of the unpopular Governor , was acquitted . ', ' I would like to return this book . ', 'At the end of my holiday job I got less money than was due to me and nobody mentioned anything about that.', ' I knew this would happen some day ... ', 'Going home alone through the forest after a girl guide (scout ?) meeting.', ' This is it ? ', 'Never Shadows. They Simply Mean There Is A Light Shining Somewhere Nearby...  #Life #Quote', "Realizing one's desire, an experienced feeling of satisfaction from the realization of one's desires and aims.", ' Do you know that I fell in love with you at the first sight . ', ' NYU was my first choice . ', " Not much . I've got enough city life in Beijing . ", 'I borrowed a car which was supposed to be used for a long journey a few hours later, and one of the tyres burst in the middle of the town and I did not know what to do.', 'When I was a child, I fell into a cellar (when playing) and could be freed only with big difficulties.', 'I was very sad when I heard that my brother had failed the standard 8 exams for the third time.', "It's your turn , sir . I'm sorry that you've had to wait . ", " Oh , that's OK . Let's just meet at the theater before the show , around 7:30 . ", 'Finding out that I am not an as able student as I thought.', 'I have grown up to be distrustful of men , doubtful of my own goodness , extremely resentful and explosively angry . ', "Winning a close volleyball game. (I'm on the intercollegiate team at CAL)", 'On meeting an old friend of mine.', " I surely know that . Don't forget that I am a regular customer here . ", 'My grandmother died.', 'When I learned that two of my friends had had a serious car accident.', " I think I'm too clumsy . I can do nothing well . ", 'When I nearly drowned in icy water wearing ice skates.  It was difficult to get out.', 'They are sad for Johnny Bryan because he can never truly be a member of this particular family . ', 'and #faith have equivalent power. The first moves you backward and the second moves you forward. #Choose', 'Then she felt horror and pity at seeing Marcus so confused and so evidently useless . ', 'I don\'t care if you \'re offended , that \'s the truth . " ', 'When I passed the B.A exams with 1st class.  I was the first in the family to have got a 1st class, so all the family members were very happy and they gave me the opportunity to study further.', 'When my last relation broke up.', ' Yes ? ', "My babe is MIA ; think my crying earlier, caused stress ... hope he didn't go out and do something dumb ", ' I think you have chicken pox ! You are contagious ! Get away ! Don ’ t breathe on me ! ', ' Maybe . ', ' Oh , this one is perfect . ', ' Okay . ', 'She was heartbroken to hear the voice of Camilla . ', 'This happened when one of my uncles died just whan I was planning to go and visit him during the next holidays.', 'I had been caught red-handed having stolen some paw-paw. I was then taken the elders owning the paw-paws.', 'Fear overwhelmed me when right against the car I was in I saw another one, as if out of control of the driver.', 'When I got a good grade for an exam in statistics.', "Out on a weekend with a group of people, everybody felt irritated because at night the music didn't stop in time. And at breakfast my boyfriend ran away because we didn't agree with him. I felt angry.", 'I found myself a place after looking for one for a long time.', 'During the first year in university I had bad results in both the terms, especially the first term.  I was afraid that  I would not be promoted to the next year and that the others would go ahead of me.', 'I was not prepared for the exam but I wanted to sleep the night before the exam.', 'When I was complimented and called \\delightful\\"."', 'When I talked with a teacher yesterday who, to say the least, was rude and unwise and had irrelevant opinions about a friend.', 'When my girlfriend became pregnant.', 'Lives Janet Barron praises the good grief of Ted Walker ', 'The last time I felt sad and disappointed was when I did not do as well as I had hoped in one of the final exams.  As compared with the earlier exams, the questions, I think, were unjust.', "A vexed expression crossed Louise 's pretty face . ", ' Sorry , sir . We have only double tables left . ', 'One day I did not feel very well and I wanted to talk to somebody. A friend invited me for dinner and I was very glad.', " Never mind . I'll be waiting for you . ", "Can't remember exact example.", 'In our elation there was some suspicion that our experience had been secret , adventurous , and unique . ', 'Did badly in an exam.', ' Next June . ', " I'm no better than them . They say it's mindless to sit in front of a machine all the time , but I think it's stimulating . ", 'I got more and more depressed . ', 'When I heard that my step-mother had treated my mother in a wrong manner.', "Torres' Entrance strikes fear into the supporters behind the Chelsea net. of being hit.", " Yes , I'd love to.Here is a good one , Mozart and Beethoven.It ' s on the Festival Hall . ", 'A good report card (a scholarship) in primary school.', 'When my father was saved from a severe work accident.', 'When cleaning up a pile of junk under our house, a huge spider (a \\Jungle Spider\\") ran out near me. (I do not like even small spiders)."', 'I did it! I conquered nerves and . THANK YOU SO MUCH @solzahran for learning the song #AsISang. lol appreciate it :)', ' They are . And not only that the people are friendly , but also the food is delicious , not to mention cheap . ', 'I received a grade above average on a midterm (chemistry) and I expected on every below average.', ' What ? She was cheating on me with that ugly guy . Oh , no , I feel like such a loser . ', ' Thank you . ', ' I did that . ', 'I went out dancing and found my boyfriend kissing another girl.', ' Yes . ', 'I was to meet one of my friends (girl) at the library at 8:00 already dark. She would be walking alone. She was 45 minutes late but I kept waiting, calling her room and other places she could have been.', ' 16 . Yours ? ', ' Then ... ', "When I met my boyfriend and we discovered that we shared the same ideals and goals in life, and that we could share all our feelings and thoughts and felt that the world's not so bad when you have someone really close to share your life with.", 'Two years ago my best friend died in an accident, just a day before my birthday.  We were very close to each other and I felt very sad at loosing a close friend.', ' Sorry , here . ', " Don't worry about it . I keep forgetting everyone's birthdays as well . ", 'When an earlier friend was spreading negative rumours about me.', 'When a person whom I loved and admired a lot died.  I felt empty, lonely, helpless, without support, not knowing what to do.', 'When my boyfriend came back after being away for 10 days.', ' I see . ', 'I was very sad  when I got the XIIth standard results, when I got low marks as compared to my friend and I could not get admission to courses like medicine.', 'The day I got married was the happiest day of my life.  Both of us felt that we were right for each other in every way and we had no doubts about our compatibility right from the day we got engaged.', ' What for ? ', 'I am a teacher in arts and crafts (boys from 15-16 years). for them it is obligatory and they dislike it. They tease me. When one of them cut up some material I flared up.', 'When they phoned me from Great-Britain to tell me that I could go there, if I wished, in Summer.', '` It \'s absolute nonsense , " wails an exasperated spokesman . ', "When I read about Reagan's tactical decision concerning the South African boycott.", 'I ate a burrito the size of my arm earlier and now i am weathering the calm before the storm ', 'Without another word , Bert Rafferty gently picked up the frightened child and made towards the cliff . ', ' Oh , yes ! ', ' What kind of house is it ? ', "Two years back someone invited me to be the tutor of her grand-daughter.  The grand-daughter asked me some questions in mathematics so I taught her.  However she did not listen to me and this made me feel unhappy.  The second year it was the same.  When I entered university the girl's parents suggested that I be employed as their daughters tutor.  They told me that at university  there was no homework and I would have a lot of time so they made a time-table  for me which required me to be the tutor five days a week.  They did not respect me and anyway I had another child to teach.", 'When someone tried to bewitch me and my friends at night.', 'When I was finally qualified for my profession.', ' Okay then , let ’ s go fast ! Whoa ! This thing can really accelerate fast . ', 'Making art and viewing art are different at their core!   ', 'I met again a very good friend after a year and realized that there had grown a certain distance between us.', 'He also incurred the anger of the apothecaries who were afraid of being put out of business if all their complex mixtures were swept away . ', '` Did you have a good day at the office ? " she asked , hearing herself with horror . ', 'When my cousin passed away.', " Don't be cross !  ", 'First time in anatomy.', 'Bus conductor insulted me for not buying a ticket (I forgot).', ' Sorry , Becky can ’ t come to the phone right now . ', 'One summer when I was camping with friends they devised and elaborate plan to scare me by having our camp attcked by a wild animal (one of them) and then convincing the campground was the home of a satanic organization.', 'My day was good!', 'Relatives visiting me.', "When I was a Sr. in HS. one of the class counselors died of hepatitis. She was very sensitive. She knew my shyness and drew me out to improve myself image. I missed her funeral - so I could not publically grieve. My parents didn't understand.", 'Finding out that we cannot have good references because China is poor.', 'I want to change rooms . In fact , I want a refund for tonight ! ', 'When my mother and father were on an excursion in Czechoslovakia and I was at a student camp and I heard over the radio about the events that were taking place there.', 'Departure of a very close friend - for a long stay overseas, sharing in the sorrow of her parents who were left behind.', 'To live your  in the of losing it is to lose the point of life.” — Malcolm #Forbes', 'My mother and I had an argument over buying some clothes for me.  She did not accept the fact that I did not like the same things as her, and we ended up shouting at each other.', 'When I was chased by a big dog near my house.', 'When my mother treats me as a 10-year old boy.', 'Boy ! What a beauty ! I fall in love with her at the first sight . ', " Sorry , Mum , I'll lock it right away . ", 'He listened soberly and with growing dismay to what the young bank officer from Jeddah had to say , and scanned the computer printouts across his desk with a practised eye . ', "Receiving close friends form abroad, whom I hadn't seen for years.", 'Oh , God . It ’ s late . I ’ m afraid I have to leave . ', ' See you . ', 'I had planned to go to town with my friend at 1500 hours but she went for the registration and I waited for a good 1 and a 1/2 hours.  It was vital for me to go to town but I could not as it was she who had the money.  Finally I borrowed some money from friends and we went to town.  I was really angry with my friend.', ' Yes . ', ' I guess so . ', 'When I was very young and we moved as a family to Auckland from Wellington, this meant new school and friends (etc.).', 'The assistant looked alarmed . ', ' Great . I look forward to meeting you . ', "Gioella 's eyes flashed with amusement as she pushed a chair towards her and said , ` Constance , what a very sophisticated dress . ", 'I was travelling from Delhi to Bombay.  I had booked a seat one month back and I had also got a telegram confirming this.  However, in the train my name had been omitted from the reservation sheet, and the one seat that was still vacant was alloted to another person who paid for it despite my requests for the seat.  I was allowed to stay in the reserved compartment when I paid money.', "I'm going to try sky diving this weekend . ", 'At home when they lost three pieces of my puzzle.', ' how so ? ', " I'm afraid that's the best we can do . ", 'Once I was alone at home. I suddenly felt unwell and there was no one to help me and call First Aid.', 'Hi , Kate . ', "Nevertheless , the Commission 's disquiet has not prevented it from agreeing the designation . ", 'A close acquaintance cried for me. I felt happy because somebody cared.', 'When I came home late one day. I was afraid I would be shouted at by my parents.', 'I was visiting my parents in law when the house was invaded by three strange men, and they committed an armed assault.', ' Four ports . ', ' I see . ', 'A workmate and I had been antagonistic with each other for some weeks - he had reacted violently to my criticisms of his work standards.', ' Yeah ! ', 'I received an unexpected letter from a friend I had met a short time before.  He sent me a poem and wished me good luck.  I felt very happy because I had great esteem for that person.', "He hoped she wasn't offended , as a Times reporter . ", 'My brother lost his temper and started smashing things in the house.  I was quite scared, that something terrible might happen, till the situation was brought under control.', 'plz dun tell to Jay', 'For about one year I had a rather bad relation with my father. Last Christmas Eve he invited me to stay with him and I was very glad about it. It was a fine evening.', " I'm sorry , but we usually don't do it . It is our policy . ", 'A friend of mine, who had repeated a year at school once before, did not pass the final examination and had to take it again half a year later.', 'I was very sad when my first boyfriend finished our relationship.', 'Oh , my God ! I feel nothing is going smooth . ', 'Nerves are all edgy tonight, been like it all day tooth posioning I expect, will have to go to dentist, putting it off 3 years  ', ' Well . I am breaking up with Cathy . ', ' Yes , I kept on typing it until midnight , but it is lost . ', "When my brother's visa for the U.S.A got cancelled.", 'People are more likely to die in hospital at the weekend? ', " Well , now I've seen it all ! What a rip-off this place is ! ", 'I became concerned when I saw my husband becoming a different person . ', 'Getting back my Psych 140 midterm.', ' a dozen . ', 'When my brother got very low marks in the exams, I was very angry. I put my studies aside to help him, as every time my brother does  badly at school, my family members blame me as well. ', ' Such as ? ', 'I met a friend I had not seen for a long time on the street.', " You know my father . If I fail , he'll kill me . I have to do well . ", ' I know . I still haven ’ t heard from her . The good thing is that I ’ m so angry with her that I don ’ t feel sad about not having her around . ', 'My boyfriend finished our relationship when I started studying psychology in Nijegen, because then we would not be able to meet frequently anymore.', 'It can be the focus of inconsolable grief ; it inspires poetry and literature , symphonies and songs . ', 'I received a letter form home telling me that my sister was very sick.', 'When I was admitted to the Institute. I had problems with many people about my applying for this institute and I decided to prove that one can pass excellently without visiting any preparatory couse. That is - I proved what I could do on my own.', ' Thanks a lot . ', " I ' m sorry sir , but we ran out of chicken . May I suggest our delicious beef burritos or cheese quesadillas ? Both include a side of guacamole and jalapenos . ", "Tennyson discloses that the setting of Mariana is in Shakespeare 's Measure for Measure where the dejected Mariana resides alone in a moated grange . ", ' What is it ? Why did you buy a brick ? ', 'When the girl whom I have lusted after expressed reciprocal feelings and then days later changed her mind.', 'When my girl went away for a holiday without saying good-bye to me.', 'What do you need ? ', '` He \'s livid about Opal . " ', 'Accepted by the college football team.', " I'm sorry , but our university computer center only sells Macintosh equipment . ", 'Winning the local soccer championships this year was a great joy.', ' Can you tell me how to improve myself ? ', ' That sucks . You wanna go grab a beer ? ', "A friend's father had died, I was to come and see this friend although I did not know his family.", 'Not so much a merciful touch , more likely a measure to prevent suddenly terror-stricken passengers from attempting to escape into the crowd . ', ' I saw her dating with her ex-boyfriend again . ', ' Thank you . ', " He's a chicken guy . ", "When a teacher tells a story which isn't true. It only reflects his way of interpreting reality.", 'Being insulted in public.', 'Death in the close family.', 'When we took out an 84 year old woman for the evening and had hamburgers. She described the evening out as her happiest night out in 20 years.', ' I sometimes find the shadow of death in front of me . ', " I'm sorry . I'll get you a new player . ", 'My girlfriend disliked it when I played majong (a game of gambling).  I expressed my regrets and when I went to see her she neglected my existance.  I was very angry and left in displeasure.', ' Of course ! Both children and adults enjoy her books . ', ' The problem is that many poor people might suffer . ', " But it will be expensive to have a car in the city , won't it ? ", ' It is the symbol of laughing at hoar frost and fighting with snow . I admire the bravery of plum blossoms . ', 'After one year of searching, my friend and I have found a flat we are able to pay for.', 'Two summers ago my best friend and I drove into unknown mountains at midnight to pick up my broken car. We told one another horrifically scary ghost/murder stories and succeeded in scaring eachother pretty well - even though somewhere in our heads we knew the fears were unjustified.', 'His parents were furious over the engagement business . ', " What's up ? ", ' Bye . ', " We're waiting in line to get one of Master Li's Chinese couplets . I got one last year and I had good luck all year ! ", " Oh , he's 14 and in the past few months , he's become quieter and a bit secretive . He locks himself in his room and I think he's running around with the wrong crowd . ", ' Never . ', 'As a food and store safety officer , I felt dismayed and frustrated to see in the Journal , members of staff wearing inappropriate jewellery and , in high risk areas , all hair not kept within hats . ', ' Yes . I had a bad traffic accident.Look , my car looks like a squashed coke can . ', "When one's studies seem hopelessly difficult and uninteresting.  ", 'The day I was told that I had been accepted as a student of economics.', ' Where ? ', 'When I got low marks in B.Sc final.', 'When I failed an exam last Summer.  I had worked very hard for it and I was very disappointed thinking that it was hopeless to continue at college.  I did overreact.', 'Wayne will be livid when he hears . ', ' Oh , how dreadful ! I ’ m ever so sorry . ', " Skim , please . That'd be very nice . Thanks ... oh no . Janna , I'm so sorry , but I've got to go . ", 'Could not get into the university I wanted to get in.', "Gripped by fear is an oddly apt phrase for times when it feels like fear is gripping you. It's like you're being gripped by fear. ", "Life is a game, the chips fall where they may but most times they don't fall where you want them ", " I'm sorry , but we're booked up on Friday . ", "When a very close friend of mine went into hospital for a major operation and I couldn't see her for a while as I was not a relative she had no relatives in N.Z.", 'I was really hoping that I would pass the examination, but I failed and so I felt very sad.', " I didn't take my cellphone with me at that time . ", 'Before the certificate examination I was very poor in Biology (the worst result in my class).  Ever since F.5 it had been getting poorer and poorer.  I had tried my best and had spent most of my time studying this subject.  Finally my results were so bad that I thought that it was just not fair.', 'Richmond councillors are worried about plans to turn the old cinema on the Riders Wind/Queens Road junction into a DIY shop . ', 'I never failed my examinations since Standard 1 but I experienced sad moments when I sat for Standard 8 Examination and I was not selected for Secondary School education in 1978.', 'Somerset are furious over suggestions that ` The Ghost " , who took 8 for 122 , should be left out . ', 'We were walking in the park at night.  It was very dark and very late.  We began to hear foot steps all around us, and we could not find our way out.', 'My uncle passed away last night . ', 'When I could not find my 2 year old daughter.  I ran and looked for her everywhere and could not find her.  (I finally found her, she had gone to bed to sleep)', 'When my dad told me about something he had done against my mother.', " It is different now . The world is becoming colorful . Some of my friends don't feel the same pressure to marry . We all want to wait for the right moment . ", 'He felt their resentful eyes burning the nape of his neck . ', 'Failing exam.', "I don't know what to do about the people who live in the flat above me ! ", 'What sports do you like to play ? ', "My parents and brother came up over the weekend. We are a very close family. This was my first year away from home. They brought one jacko-lantern with a new design. That is the old joke that we have a great new design - it's always the same.", " I'm sorry . That must have really been a nightmarish day for you and your family . ", 'I have received no representations on that matter and I am not aware of any disquiet among the groups that the hon. Gentleman described . ', 'He seemed agitated , restlessly pacing about , looking out into the crowds , then drawing back into the shelter of the arcade . ', ' A necklace ? ', "When I had to assume a position which I didn't expect.", " I'd like to call on you this weekend . I just want to a drop in for a chat . ", ' You too . ', "Robbie 's exasperation found vent . ", ' Oh , sorry . ', ' Mom ! That is so unfair ! ', 'While having a discussion with a colleague of mine, I realized that her conception of man and work were similar to mine.', " Hi ! I'm Nancy . Nice to meet you . ", ' OK . ', 'I had a dream about my fiancTe leaving me and making an end to our relation.', " You are passing the buck . I'll be hanged if I ask you to go to the park with us . ", 'Informed by the queen dowager of their decision , resentful at being refused permission to return home , Anne made her displeasure plain . ', ' Which days are these classes on ? ', 'Flaps are described in detail for the many pilots who do not fully understand how to make the best use of them , and who may be nervous about their first flights in a flapped machine . ', ' I had meetings back to back all morning . And phone rang off the hook from the minute I walked into the office . ', ' You said you were only going to window shop ! ', 'When I had to travel alone, unescorted for the first time.     It was an over-night journey by train to a distant place.', 'Its like time runs to me, runs to me faster, fastest. Oh how I make my self beating no well  ♬   ♬  ', ' Oh , yes , I know the one . How was the food ? ', ' That cat . ', 'On this occasion City accepted with relish the chances which came their way and inflicted serious psychological damage on their dejected opponents . ', 'There was widespread disquiet in the media and elsewhere . ', ' Why ? ', 'She in turn had been drawn to him at the time when she was miserable about Jean-Pierre . ', 'Managed to run 30 Km on skis fairly simply.', "When my father banned me from going to his sister's home due to some misunderstanding between the two.", 'I was watching a procession during the Holy week, and a penitent approached me.', 'Brian Davies , also from near Coventry , had entered some immense pumpkins and marrows , but seemed mournful . ', ' Why not ? ', ' Ok . Bye . ', 'Few days ago I really experienced fear. It was connected with unexpected actions on the part of a group of people. This evoked in me many negative emotions.', 'The surname of my brother was different from ours.  He often grinned at home and provoked others for the pleasure of it.  This made me angry.', 'Once, when I was ten, I could not remember why my mother was so angry.  She fainted suddenly and I was very scared as I did not know what to do .', 'I was given an exam which I thought did not measure at all my ability or my knowledge of the subject.', ' I see . ', 'Before I moved away from home, I feared leaving.', ' I think so . ', 'When I wanted to go into a house, there was suddenly a big dog standing beside me. It was hardly moving, but I did not know how it would react later on.', " I have to find something.Otherwise I have to go back to Taiwan . I'll be broke in two months . ", 'I was angry about how the government acted concerning Hainburg, especially when I saw a discussion about it on TV.', 'I was on the Inter Rail in Naples alone. After an evening in a restaurant I was going back to the hotel when a prostitute approached me to sell herself. I refused but as I carried on walking I felt that I was being followed by someone.', " I guess I'm adventuresome , but then I'm scared too . ", 'We had to move to a very different city because the company where my father worked also moved to that place. It was very difficult for me to make new friends than.', " I'm really sorry . I'll face the music . ", 'He chuckled , delighted at having amazed her . ', 'I don\'t think I could cope with your heartbreak . " ', 'One evening my father told me to go into the cellar and get him a beer. I was terribly frightened at the idea of a man sitting in the cellar and assaulting me. For my defence I took an empty bottle with me.', 'While he was drunk, my life partner tried to hit me.  I felt scared and fled to the bathroom.', 'When the car I was driving skidded on an icy road and landed in   a ditch with one side against a rock.', 'One night, I was alone at home.  My fear was caused by some strange noises which put my imagination to work.', 'When I learnt that a boy I liked had been with a girl for three years.', 'Someone played a trick on me.', "They 're also pretty peeved at what they see as the Ministry of Agriculture 's failure to represent their interests adequately in Brussels . ", ' Why ? ', ' Oh , yes . ', 'When a big angry dog put its snout on my arm and had I made one movement it would have bitten me.', 'This sound guy is so fucking fired.  ', ' You ? ', ' Why not ? ', "In an attempt to counteract despondency , to reclaim the green world for itself , not solely as a balm for my despair , I arranged with Barry 's help an interview with David Ricalde . ", 'When out of work.', " Miss , I'm very sorry for the delay , please enjoy this . Free a glass of wine for inconvenience . Again I'm terribly sorry to make you wait so long . ", 'A meeting and a conversation with a woman (somewhat elder than me) who considers me as her child (she also has one child of her own). Last two years I lived with her (no relationship).', ' Come on , Liz . Be open-minded ! Look at my eyes , they are puffy . And my eye bags , they are dark and loose and full of lines and circles . I really hope surgery can wipe out the tired feelings . ', 'When a close friend did not write.', ' But have 2 - hour journey . ', ' Yeah , we don ’ t live in the vacuum . We have traditional values and long but different history . ', 'Last course, when I passed with good marks three subjects which I had previously failed.', ' I can ’ t believe it . I guess I ’ ll be here until 10 again tonight . ', ' What about ? ', 'Had an insulting letter from my father.', ' Sure , my sister-in-law and her husband just bought a house that way . They ’ re pretty satisfied with it . ', 'I experienced fear when I was not prepared for the final year degree exams.', "not when fear not why fear not much while we're alive.. Fear not die I'll be alive for a million year #ByeBye #lyrics #quotes", " I'm sure and I remembered your phone number . I'll call you . ", " Hi , Andy . I'm Judy . It's nice meeting you . ", 'When I recently managed to get my first consulting assignment \\myself\\" i.e on my own initiative."', 'Matt Moore knew what was gonna happen to him if he tried to get that ball from D-Ware ', ' I know , I am sorry I ever bought it . ', 'When my sister died in a fire accident at home.', "I 'm just so excited , because he says I can be in charge of it . ", 'When I met again a great friend and talked a little while with him. When I see again another I miss.', "After I had managed to fail my first year at University I was scared as to what I was going to do with my future. I didn't want a mundane 9-5 job and yet I didn't know if I could pay my way through an unsubsidized year at university to settle down and continue my studies.", "She 'd be heartbroken if her father wasn't at her wedding . ", ' You are going to take courses ? ', 'My little niece, who is very talkative, suddenly became very naughty and began wetting her pants.  She did it one afternoon.', " never mind . Let's go to the falls and try again . ", ' Why ? ', 'My illness a few years back.  I was severely down with malaria and asthma, I had lost my health, charm and cheerfulness completely.', ' Yes . ', ' Sorry , sir . We have only tables in the main dinning room left . ', "Tonight , one of Hadley 's victims described her anger towards him , and her relief he 'd been found guilty . ", ' sure . My mom has been working on our family tree for years . She ’ s always updating it . ', ' No way ! ', ' My mother-in-law just went into the hospital in L.A.Hank and I will be flying there tonight . ', ' Thank you . ', ' Fine . ', 'When my grandmother died of cancer.', ' You sneak ! ', ' Yes . ', 'My girlfriend sent me a letter with a shiny picture in it.', 'She was offended and took it all personally . ', 'When my flatmate put me down because she \\thought\\" she was better than me, or she felt she was."', " Well , he has already taken you know , that's his wife right there . ", 'I am scared when I stroll alone on the Chung Chi college campus. ', "Imagine the horror on my beloved 's face when he discovered I had in fact flung in the rubbish his much prized and read collection of Guitarist magazines ! ", ' Yes . ', 'A depressed person may cry a great deal , show self-pity and lack of interest in the outside world and have no enjoyment of everyday life , even food . ', 'The shrieks of terror coming from down the corridor as my flatmate plays are endlessly entertaining.', 'I felt the greatest burst of joy when after being heavily ill for a long period, my father came back home.', 'terrified to hear @alipearce961 singing karaoke tomorrow. i think my ears might start bleeding...#ahh', " Hi Jack , I'm working on these documents . The manager wants them for half an hour . ", 'I received an assignment back, and got an A+ grading.', 'The boy gave a nervous smile ; Jean-Paul gestured to the waiter . ', 'Father lost his temper at home because he was mistreated at work.', 'Today I did a lot better on my architecture project than I expected.', 'When I took blood from a patient for alcohol estimation and urine for some other examination, he told me that something bad would happen to me as he would play magic on me.', 'I received a letter from some friends, who do not live in Madrid, telling me that they would not come on holiday.  I had arranged everything for them.', " That may be , but you're still under arrest . And you'd better stop talking . ", 'One morning I was standing at the bus-stop and the bus passed by without stopping, even though there were only 8-10 passengers inside.  I felt angry at the rude behaviour of the bus driver and  conductor.', 'I was at the seaside and my brother disappeared for a couple of hours.', 'After my graduation exams I was waiting to get admitted to a post graduation course, however the situation was not very favourable for me and I was upset.  Suddenly, Bombay university offered me a seat and I landed up in Bombay for my post graduation studies.  This happened last year and was very pleasant for me.', "At an unjust, or to be more precise, at a bureaucratic treatment of one's personality.", 'He looked offended but I guessed his idea of discretion was swapping his length of lead pipe for a rubber truncheon . ', ' Oh ! yes ', "Conner is still furious about losing Tuesday 's protest . ", "Hi , Becky , what's up ? ", "But I remember the excitement in my children 's faces . ", " If you do this again , don't even bother coming home . ", "His granddaughter 's anger , so like his own , took some of the sting out of Ballater 's wrath . ", ' Wow ! Why so much ? I thought they were getting you an assistant . ', 'When my grandfather died.', "This time Ronni admitted it , feeling a little like a traitor at the confession -- and at the sense of pure delight she felt at Guido 's gesture . ", "Culley imagined Susan 's gleeful smile as she waited for Yorke to work it out . ", ' I envy her and also I hate her at the same time . ', 'Of course Ed was really peeved about how Martinez handled the whole Harley business . ', ' Really ? Who made that rule up ? ', ' Oh , OK . ', 'When I passed the B.A exams and my parents allowed me to carry on my studies and do a M.A. , I was very happy.', " That's right ", ' how dare you ! ', " Let's stop the car and enjoy it for a minute . ", 'The first time I really fell in love with a girl.', " Oh , darn . Look what I've done . ( Spill the drink ) ", "He 'll be cross , but I 'll go . ", ' 15 . ', 'Figurative arts , even more than poetry , expressed the mixed feelings of elation over past victories and fear of future incursions which the Celts inspired . ', 'A conflict with a pupil.', 'One of my friends and I had breakfast in a restaurant. It was spontaneous and lots of fun.', 'To our gratification , Blackwells , whom we had approached , expressed interest in the project , something we had not dared to expect . ', ' That sounds like fun . But where can I get clothes that old ? ', ' Until when ? ', ' Of course . Because the TV stations need to make money from commercials between the programs . ', " Well , you always say you're busy . ", 'My friend half-teasingly called me a bad nickname.  I felt insulted and kicked his hip in anger.  I was stable later and did not feel angry at him.  In fact I was afraid that the other friends who were with us would think that I was an intolerant person.  However I could not apologize, so I pretended that nothing had happened and smiled when I left.  My friend did not say anything but just watched me leave.', 'When I was cycling through the park late one night, two people jumped out of the woods and tried to stop me.  There were shouting something at the same time.', 'The contrast with her exhilaration on the frozen lake had come so swiftly . ', 'His mounting anger was making his speech more and more incomprehensible through his stroke-stiffened mouth . ', 'For my parents anniversary, we hosted a party and we were very happy.', 'While having a discussion with my mother, I realized that she does not for a moment doubt the justification of her making the decisions concerning my life.', 'Left alone in the biology building surrounded by empty buildings.', 'When I damaged my wristwatch which I liked very much.', 'While I was waiting for them to give me the marks of the most difficult subject this year.', ' Why not ? ', 'I WAS sad and also slightly amused to read the recent letter from a reader about the skilled worker only being offered 3 an hour . ', "1976, Soweto uprising in South Africa and the racist Gout's reaction to the students demands concerning the educational system.", 'When our government decided to withdraw student allowances as it was one of the conditions imposed by the IMF. ', ' No . Why ? ', "Doris , I'm glad you're home . I'm terrified . I don't know what to do ! ", "She 'd felt quite frightened and hadn't accepted the invitation . ", "When my honest intentions were marred by another's jealousy.", 'But last night he insisted he had no grudge against Taylor , even though in his column he openly discussed his innermost anguish at being one of only three England players not to kick a ball during finals . ', 'His brown , nearly auburn hair clung to his scalp as if with misery , sad eyes stared out of a freckled face , his hands were clenched tight . ', 'My parents failed to visit me as they promised.', ' You can say that again . Susan ’ brother dropped in from out of town , so I offered to put him up for a few days . But he ’ s driving me up a wall . This guy is bottomless pit . ', "For all those years you've protected the seed, it's time to become the beautiful flower.~S.C. Paul   ", " If that's okay with you . ", 'When I got my B.Sc degree with first class.', 'Which was a curious sensation , since in fact her eyes were downcast , apparently studying the vinyl squares of the floor . ', " I'm sick of doing other people's job and getting blamed for not doing it right . ", 'He was still more worried about the extensive rewriting of history that school text-books had been subjected to ; something of which most of us remained unaware until after the Second World War . ', "Not being alowed on a school camp with the class I'd been in for 11 years (I had stayed down due to illness)", ' Not yet . ', 'Last night I had a chat with a fellow student.  I had known her for about half a year, and for the first time we were speaking \\the same language\\"- meaning an inspiring discussion and encounter."', ' Do you come from a country where they shake hands ? ', " Really , it's so beautiful . ", 'When I decided to separate from my husband.', 'You gain   and confidence by every experience in which you really stop to look in the face.~ E Roosevelt', "Being sexually assaulted (not rape, but passionate kissing) by a friend's father - he stopped when he was driving me home. I hadn't wanted the lift, had refused 3 times, and then felt it'd be rude to refuse again. Was really afraid of what he might do.", 'I was very happy when I got an attractive Summer job.', ' Oh ! ', 'They seemed happy about my victory in Germany and most of them expected me to win more races last year . " ', 'Creggan had never in his short life felt so desolate , and try as he did he could not rest and fall asleep . ', 'Dad , where are we off to ? ', 'What ’ s up ? You don ’ t look too good . ', ' When ? ', 'When my grandfather died.', 'I won the first prize at the science fair, the first of the kind at school and I was only in form II then.  ', ' I see . ', ' But in my case , the fact matches the theory . Mike is humorous , energetic , always as fresh as a daisy , but probably too ambitious . It frightens me ! ', 'I was talking to a friend and he said something which was very funny.', 'My car had been towed away by the traffic police because it had been wrongly parked.  However the sign had been put up only after I had already parked.', " I'm sorry for that , I'm going to check with the chef right now . Miss , I just checked with the kitchen , and they said your order will be coming right up next . Oh , here comes . ", 'The inflammation of the ear of my child got cured and the doctor said that the ear was completely all right.', 'When my father took away my cherished diaries to burn them (I was also very sad) \\Oh, how I hated him\\"."', 'In form three we were taking our mock exams and someone else (a friend) was making noise when the examinateur picked on me and said that he would tear up my answer sheet.  I got very angry with the girls involved.', 'In an expression of community sympathy many local children in South Ronaldsay made and sent cards to the four devastated mothers . ', 'When I was treated improperly by someone.', "Is Stanley still singing that Elvis song ? He's really hogging the mike ! ", 'That was heaven ! ', ' You were ? ', '` I desire first to go to the palace of Westminster , my lord , there to greet the queen my mother and tender my condolences -- and to share the grief of my family . " ', "What I didn't understand was why I didn't feel happy walking down the street afterwards . ", ' Well . It ’ s not all my fault , Anna ... ', ' Maybe . ', 'Diana , do you like the perfume I gave you ? ', "When my boyfriend took me to his father's grave.", ' Yes , why ? ', "There 's no reason to feel dejected about the future . ", 'Hywel was glaring mad at having to put a suit on . ', 'I had a wonderful evening . ', 'Always he gets angry when she takes customers home . " ', 'At first Tony looked less happy than before , and said he had become somewhat despondent about his lack of progress in finding employment . ', 'Say , Jim , how about going for a few beers after dinner ? ', 'When my boyfriend did not turn up in time as he promised he would be coming.', 'If Russia was miffed about the membership plans , other East European nations were delighted .', "I experienced joy at a friend's 22nd birthday party. We had good food, good liquid, good company, good music, and an overall warm atmosphere. The birthday girl and I communicate incredibly well. I felt very content, warm and inspired just talking with her giving her a neck massage.", 'My classmate used her personal relations to get a seat for a subject that I wanted also.  I had taken the pains to help him apply and I did not get selected.  I did not like this as he had not told me the facts earlier, he need not have lied to me.', ' I promise . ', ' How ’ s your son these days ? ', 'I gave tutorial to a student and I found that he was lazy, he did not pay attention to what I taught.  He did some easy questions wrong deliberately.', ' Yes . ', " I'll say . ", '` I \'m infuriated with myself , " he gritted from behind clenched teeth , his scowl deepening . ', 'I had an appointment with a good friend. He came 3 hours later than we agreed upon. During the last hour of waiting I was afraid something might had happened, because usally he is in time.', 'When my one year old son gives me a spontaneous kiss.', 'Hello ! ', "It seems so strange to be here , burying you , but it's not you . ", "` I don't feel resentful that God has decided to take me before my allotted span . ", 'Listening to long speech of the party leaders wasting my time.', "This was the worst incident of my hostel life.  I was insulted by a close friend of mine on the eve of the New year and it totally spoiled my New year's night.", 'Having a good trip on a boat with good friends.', " I didn't do anything . ", '` Nevil doesn\'t work for me , " he snapped , truly indignant . ', ' No , no ! Stupid machine , what are you doing ! No ! ', ' Perhaps , but I haven ’ t felt well for a few days now . ', 'When my mother scolded me for coming home late, i.e after 7 P.M.', ' Bye . ', 'They looked like a crowd of frightened children . ', ' The other class is on Monday and Wednesday from 10 am - 12 . ', " Yeah . It's boring . I'd rather read something more exciting . ", 'I experienced it once when we were on a drive. Our car passed by the one comming from the opposite direction at an incredibly small distance.', 'Gloom and despondency hung over the royal party and Anne was more than a little resentful of having been required to join them in sanctuary . ', 'When someone made me a compliment after an examination just at the moment I needed it. It was amicable, hearty and sincere.', 'Rosemary Sandford of Darlington Association on Disability , said they were saddened and disappointed they were not given the opportunity to express their views at the meeting . ', " I've been through a lot today . I forgot to set my alarm clock last night , so I woke up late this morning . And what is worse , I missed the school bus . ", ' It ’ s good . But to tell you the truth , I don ’ t wear perfume . ', 'All the talk of weddings made Anne feel downhearted and impatient with the secrecy that John insisted on . ', ' Like what ? ', ' Why ? ', 'Hello . ', ' Yeah ? ', 'Mom , Dad ! Can you come to my room ? I think there is something under my bed ! ', 'Emotional reassurances by spouse.', 'When a discussion resulted in an insult, which in my opinion, was not justified.', ' 88 Yuan . ', ' Umm . I think my water just broke ! Get me to a hospital ! ', 'I took a math midterm and I knew I did really well and it was Friday so I felt great joy because the week was over and I did well on a test.', ' 20 to 1 , in favour of the Cougars ! ', 'is the weapon of choice used by bullies and cowards who feel powerless-2 control and manipulate others 4 their own means', ' Such as ... ', 'He was becoming agitated . ', 'Kisling was livid , and with the help of some friends managed to grab the sculptor and throw him down the stairwell from the seventh floor . ', ' Good . I will have hot chocolate . ', ' And ? ', 'We are going to the concert this evening . Will you join us . ', ' I will do . ', 'My parents put pressure on me to buy clothes, when I would not have liked to do so.', 'My class leader told me I am not chosen for your English lectures.', 'You block your dream when you allow your fear to grow bigger than your faith.  ~Mary Manin Morrissey #quote', " Good.Let ' s go now . ", ' Thank you . ', 'I am sad because some relations to friends are not very good.', ' And next ? ', "Too much , it seemed to me , was made of Tom 's grief : his courtship of Araminta was forward-looking , and deep grief needs roots in the past . ", ' My paper is on the influence of television on children . ', 'Going to Cowell Hospital and finding out tediously that I had a stress fracture. The anger came when the senile doctors found out 4 weeks later that I had 2 stress fractures in one foot and should have had crutches. I was in distinct pain and barely could walk to classes. They said it would be better in 2 weeks.', ' Thank you . ', 'Obviously , staff will be delighted that the appointment of a new Director has been made and sad that Tom has gone but it is the proposed reorganisation which will occupy the minds of most staff . ', ' To the beach ', 'She was still feeling a little anxious when she thought of all she would have to do before she could get to bed that night . ', " How about Bill's Seafood Restaurant ? ", " I just watched a movie and I'm scared . ", 'Whhen the front tyre of the car burst.', 'China winning the Asian Olympic.', 'Leaving home to move closer to University. As an oldest child, this experience was traumatic for both my parents and myself.', ' The tapping of your pen on your desk . It ’ s driving me crazy . ', 'Having gone to school without learning anything, as usual.', 'The man I am going around with gave me a very special present.', " I don't need a car . I walk to work . ", 'Stop running around in front of the TV , will you ? Why don ’ t you just sit and watch ? ', " That would really help me a lot . I'm very grateful . ", 'I moved to a flat. A friend who had lived there before, had left the flat in a terrible mess. I was very angry about that sloppiness and impudence.', 'In March I was busy studying during the night I could only sleep two or three hours only for fear that I would be weeded and sent back.', 'After a football match I went home by car, a friend drove. I did not realize that he was drunk until we were in the car. He was madly racing. Several times we were in dangerous situations and I told him to be cautious, but he did not care.', ' 4 days . ', 'I went to a lecture and once again it had been cancelled, this was the second time.  One had a negative attitude towards the lecturer. ', ' How awful ! Was he hurt ? ', ' It ’ s true . Michelle is a lot like Henry in so many ways . And she is shy with new people just like he is . ', 'When I came to know that a girl I was fond of already had a boyfriend.', 'Stephanie ! Did you just get to school ? But you were up and about when I left the dorm this morning ! That was about an hour and a half ago . This happens all the time ! Why do you always take so long ', "That concern turned to heartbreak when they heard of his mother 's grim fate . ", 'Somebody told her friend that she would hit me wherever we would meet.', 'In summer when I was sailing with friends in Greece I felt joy.', 'I felt sad after having had an argument with my boyfriend.  I felt that he did not understand me and that there was no point in carrying on with the relationship.', 'Perhaps elated behaviour has evolved in connection with a rise in the hierarchy , depressive behaviour with a fall . ', "I was looking after my father's sheen in the forest. One day while playing with friends from neighbouring villages the flock escaped me and went into a far place. It became dark and I was afraid of father. I went home and hid myself.", 'A letter from my boyfriend began in such a way that I thought he was going to end our relationship. I was afraid of reading the rest.', 'She was greeted with a sympathetic , and rather amused smile . ', ' She ’ s your sister.What she asked was only duck soup for you.Why can ’ t you be good to her ? ', ' yes , they were horrible . We had to wear green every day ! ', 'are you still coming to my place for dinner tomorrow night ? ', '` It \'s stuck ! " she cried in dismay . ', 'My admittance to the University.', 'I am saddened that the article uses the spurious connection between dialect and poverty as a means of attacking English teaching in this country . ', " Cindy , I'm scared . ", 'When I heard that an acquaintance of mine was spreading rumours about my affair with a close friend.', ' I am . ', ' But she took her luggage away with her . ', ' I think so . ', 'can affect your reasoning. Even brave men can lose their #courage for a time if injured or exhausted.', 'When I found out my cousin had been killed. I was angry at the world, and her murderer who was her ex-boyfriend. It was the worst and most hateful day of my life.', ' Why ? ', 'Someone talking about me at my back.', "@jsargent90 wat happened sat nite?can't rem much, where back at that party? ", ' You are not in a position to question my vision or my statement ! ', " I don't think you really want to hear about it . ", 'How do you like the pizza here ? ', 'I felt anger against a person who told bad things about me in my absence.', 'In the morning just before going to the dentist.', "A friend visited and made comments that my house/garden were not as neat/tidy as in the past. I'd not seen her a year - She implied I'd gone to the pack (I'd only been working full time, and taking 3 University exams part time).", 'I had a very short term romance during the summer vacations.  When we first met I felt excited but I wanted to avoid him after we had met a few times and so I proposed that we stay apart, I felt very sad then.', ' Which song ? ', 'I was to meet a girl in a discotheque.  She was very pretty and I was very happy.  But she did not turn up.  Thank God, there were some other friends there and I was able to have a more or less good time.', 'When I tried to breake it up with my boyfriend, and he refused to let me go.', 'When I was travelling at night.', " I like him.He ' s good for her . ", " I use those sites . Hey ! Let's go check out a flea market later . ", 'Jim , how was your weekend ? ', " I'm bleeding too much . ", 'Liz suppressed her annoyance before it could take hold . ', "We were just about to go into the Exam room and I didn't see all my writing materials plus the identification card from the place where I left them.", ' He ’ ll be a teenager before you know it ! Teenagers are often rebellious ! When do you mine it is a good age to have a child ? ', "@drakellaj: I hope you know that y'all the reason I have fun still", ' Ok . ', 'When the train taking me to my military service left the station, on the platform remained relatives, projects and good times.  I had a hard year ahead.', '` I had the sense he was rather sad , " the writer now remembers . ', ' Quite sure . ', ' When did you start worrying about your weight ? ', 'However , now he knew she was angry with him for leaving her for so long . ', ' Do you ? ', 'When I was in a little fishing boat and we ran into hard weather in the open sea.', ' I wanted to , but my insurance company wouldn ’ t let me . All of my stunts were done by a stuntman . As you know , I used to do my own stunts , but I ’ ll leave that to the experts in future . ', "Damn if only she knew. :( I don't wanna fall for you cus if you won't pic me up. Trying hard not to. ", 'At the end of my senior yr . in high school I found out that a friend of mine I knew had cancer had been diagnosed as terminally ill.', ' I ’ m afraid I ’ m already booked up for next Sunday . But thank you just the same . ', ' Sorry , things on sale are not allowed to be refunded or exchanged . ', 'Left alone in dark when young.', 'When I got into a bus I found that my wallet had been stolen. It was not a great loss from the monetary point of view but I lost some documents - identity papers.  As a result I had to spend several days in order to get a new one.  I will always remember all the work I had to do and the bad treatment I suffered because of the bureaucratic behaviour of the civil servant.  I had already had bad luck and they treated me like a criminal.   At one point of time I really wanted to quarrel with them.', 'When I walk through streets late at night. This is because I and my friends were attacked one night without any reason for it.', 'When, late at night, I discovered that they had stolen my bike.', 'To his absolute delight the first trap had held what must have been a seven pound salmon , plus a couple of mullet which he had ignored . ', 'The first time I left home.', 'When my special friend said \\I love you\\" for the first time."', ' Yeah you are right . This office is falling apart ! Frank told me the other day that the gutters outside were clogged and that ’ s why the parking lot was flooded . ', " I'm sorry . ", " I'm afraid so . ", 'When my father was very drunk and raging at home.', 'One day I lent my tennis I just had washed to my sister because she asked it. I asked her not to soil it as I had just washed it. Next day I looked at the tennis, and it was dirty with wax. She could not have soiled it. It was lack of consideration. I felt very angry.', 'When passing the final examinations for social worker.', ' Did you do you own stunts in the movie ? ', 'First time I slept with my present girlfriend. Had been best friends for a year but had been hesitant about getting involved emotionally.', 'My father died. I was away at the time and did not know until two days after.', 'Clive Greenacre was not only put out when his agoraphobic wife started to express her anger about his callous behaviour , but also amazed by the sexual demands she then started to make on him . ', 'some  ians want to replace a military dictatorship with a civilian one, to avoid elections at any cost. ', 'Hearing about developments of sience in the West a lot better than China.', 'Tom Shakeshaft , who is 15 , reveals his dismay at plans to drive a dual carriageway right through the beautiful piece of countryside where he lives . ', ' Oh , I love the roof tiles on Spanish style houses . ', 'My brother just left with my movie #MarkWahlberg &#xA;&#xA;I miss it already!', "When in a difficult moment I couldn't express myself correctly and my thought came out with distortions bringing about highly negative and distorted results.", 'Once a person in authority (school teacher) was telling blatant lies about me and the headmistress would not let me defend myself. She was also telling lies about other members of my family.', ' Certainly . ', 'Anyone could have typed that message and his initial , she realised with dismay . ', 'When two hyenas made crying noise on the window of my bedroom at home when I was preparing for my MCE examination during the night.', ' I will . ', "My daughter was 2 yrs she went up to a colt tried to hit it. It turned on her and kicked her over the heart, sent her flying through the air. I left my mother and sister to deal to her as they are nurses. I felt I didn't want to know if she was going to die, it was just too much.", 'During the period of falling in love, each time that we met and especially when we had not met for a long time.', 'Maggie felt an odd excitement stirring inside . ', 'When my dog was stolen.', "When they got to the florist and Georg saw his father emerging he really was cross , so cross he leapt out from the driver 's seat and intercepted Willi on the pavement . ", "It was on St. Claus Day when I was five years old. St. Claus and his Devil Servant came to see me. St. Claus' Devil Servant rattled with his chain and bowled terribly. I was so frightened that my parents had to ask him to leave.", "My friend often played a joke on me and sometimes I thought that he was a nonsensical person. Once when we went to a friend's house he walked in first and shut the door firmly behind him.  I felt that he did not respect me and moreover I was his friend so he should not have behaved like that.  I was very angry (as it is I was in a bad mood then).", "Our greatest fear is not that we can't, our greatest is that we can but we haven't and are not doing anything with that #potential!", 'As an evening class teacher I got positive feedback.  When the atmosphere is good and a kind of relaxed understanding exists.', " I don't think that you're done . ", 'When I heard the news that my brother had passed away.  It was the first time that I lost a brother.', 'I was angry when my boyfriend did not turn up as promised.', 'I was a passenger in a vehicle when suddenly another vehicle came from behind to overtake us.  However another one was coming right in front so the other vehicle changed course and blocked our way and so we crashed against the side of the road.', 'He said : ` Community anger is running high . ', ' What ’ s your problem ! Geez . Having a fit is not going to help ! ', 'They were very quiet and sad at first , because I would be leaving them , but I promised I would never forget them and would often return to visit them . ', "My father's death in January 1983 moved me deeply.  The gloom prevailed for almost two years and I am still to recover from it.", 'I watched a very terrifying film in LT2.  This film really pushed my heart out of my body and I was forced to go out before the second reel ended.', ' But she did and it made me disappointed . ', 'I feel very miserable . I took the death of my wife very hard , you know . ', ' I suggest a walk over to the gym where we can play singsong and meet some of our friends . ', '(1) My father died. (2) My natural father contacted me a year after my father died and this angered me more as I thought he should be dead and not my father.', "I felt a great joy when I knew that my father was going to sell the apartment from GUARUSA, because in some way we were helded by it, that means that we didn't go to any other place, because we had the apartment.", "When my boyfriend came form Rumphi to London for a visit I was very happy to see him and couldn't believe it was him with me.", 'Fear is an emotion that I experience very often.  Naturally this is during exams and subsequently while waiting for the results.  However there is one occassion when I was paralyzed with fear.  This was when I was doing my M.A.-I, and we had a series of student lectures.  I was one of the participants and my lecture happened to be the opening lecture.  I had been confident all morning, about twenty minutes before the lecture, my confidence started failing me.  I felt my heart go cold, my lips go dry and I was really paralyzed.  This incident of fear is still fresh.', 'After hearing the news about the death of my sister, I felt very sad.', " Life is like a box of chocolates , you never know what you're gonna get . ", 'When confronted and in my opinion hassled by the police.', 'Saw on TV China winning the gold medals.', 'One afternoon, helping at home on the property, I was (mustering) getting in cattle and a bull turned and came for me.', 'When I saw a friend of mine, whom I had not seen for a long time and I had lost his address and telephone number.', 'I have been thinking of changing my major for a few months.  My original major was Chinese language and it blocks my way.  I have to face many problems at the sametime and I do not know what is real and virtuous.  I do not know if I am not interested in Chinese or if there are other factors which make me sad.  I am not very clear on what I can do for the study of Communication and Journalism.  I am not clear about what I can do.  What are the limitations ?   I hesitate but I feel more adjusted now.', 'Paula , mother of Nicola , 4 , and Richard , 2 , was pleased when the local council made the playground in the town park more child-friendly . ', 'He had a clear picture of a sad and lonely man , deeply concerned about his health and dwelling on a future which seemed to promise only a fairly rapid decline into senility . ', ' They were supposed to , but so far nobody ’ s turned up , and I ’ m left on my own to do the work . This is the first break I ’ Ve had all day . ', 'When I learned, after the ecography, that my mother was expecting a baby girl.  That was what I wanted.', ' No , there is an updated virgin , three minutes video date . I know an online dating website providing such service with a microphone and webcam , you can sigh for it . You can be face-to-face with a guy talking for maximum three minutes . ', ' Bye . ', 'The wedding guest did not exactly beat his breast but he looked considerably crestfallen . ', "I'm afraid of driving on the special seat of a motorcycle, mainly with certain colleagues who by exces of self-confidence drive beyond limits or measure in the traffic and the main victim is always the person who sits behind the driver.", ' By airmail . ', "The children of Israel remained in the desert for 40 years, because they wouldn't trust God.  What is doing to your future?", "When my father's home was to be broken into by thieves who had guns.", ' My paper is on the influence of television on children . ', "One of my relatives became seriously ill. I felt sad because I didn't know if she will ever be the same again.", " My mother-in-law used to do the same thing to us . If it wasn't disciplining them enough , then we were disciplining them too much . She also complained about the food we fed them , the schools we sent them too , and everything else under the sun . ", ' Yes , I do . The magazine arrives by post at the beginning of each month . Do you every buy magazines ? ', "Mayor 's chaplain Tony Rees was furious he hadn't been refunded a 187 overpayment . ", ' no . ', "A new gas connection was to be installed and the mechanic who came to do it was very rude to my mother and me.  I rushed to thhe dealer with my mother and had a fight with the dealer as he seemed to be unreasonable and was taking the mechanic's side.  Ultimately the matter was resolved after my father went and spoke to him.  The mechanic was asked to apologize.", '` It gobbled up the bird in one go , " said a mournful bird-watcher yesterday . ', ' It ’ s almost impossible to get the right balance . If you are too strict , kids might ignore you . If you are too lenient , they might go wild . ', 'The woman was not affronted . ', 'The Doctor looked offended . ', 'I had had a farewell party at the place where I had been working for a year.  That night I could not fall off to sleep.  I was sad thinking that I would not see my nice fellow workers again.', 'When I whatched a horror film on a Friday 13th.', " Good . After Stars.com starts paying us , we won't need Vikam's cash anymore . ", " Yes , I'd love to.Here is a good one , Mozart and Beethoven.It ' s on the Festival Hall.Shall we go there ? ", ' I was sick . ', "I felt anger when at the end of a telephone call, a good friend told me that she would go to travel next year with another good friend. We couldn't talk this out.", 'When I was young I got lost on the street and the police found me after a day.', "Connahs Quay were angry over Halkyn 's decision to call off their match at Pant Newydd an hour before the scheduled start . ", 'Excuse me , is this seat taken ? ', 'The onlookers at first thought this accident was part of the show and were creased with laughter , making the poor man even more irate . ', ' There are two classes that are still open . ', ' no problem . ', ' You always have a chip on your shoulder . ', "At my father's treatment of my mother, at his disregard for her, and not being committed to her.", " I'm about to explode ! You ’ Ve made a mess of this matter . ", 'At set-backs.', 'My ex-boyfriend began to date my best friend. After they had been seeing each other, I found out that he had been sleeping with another girl, without my friend knowing, I told my friend what he had been doing behind her back.', 'I have explained to pupils that I do not know ` the answer " and so I can share the excitement of working out a problem with them . ', " Yes , I'll be waiting for you in my home by 10:00 . ", 'One could get terribly ecstatic but that would be a dangerous thing to do . ', 'My feelings towards would-be in-laws for their participation in recent broken relationship.', " I'm sorry , but the price is final . ", 'When I stayed alone in a house in Great Brittain and there was a lot of rumour in the newspaper about a murderer still being free.', 'When finally I found a place to live, I felt relieved, predicting changes in my life, and I became happy.', " Stop it . Teacher doesn't treat me any different than she does everyone else . ", "When a so-called friend let me down, when she promised to tell me when a certain concert was occurring, and that she'd get me tickets. I was really looking forward to it. She did nothing, just told me out of the blue one day what a fantastic concert it was going to be.", 'A CLERGYMAN who trains priests yesterday said he was saddened but not surprised that he had been sacked after admitting he does not believe in God . ', "A European consumers ' pressure group is angry at the chaotic state of control on such potentially-lethal products . ", 'Hello ? ', 'Lissa hated the cold incisiveness of his tone , and she was angry with herself for caring so much . ', 'A girl entered in the division where I work and greeted everybody but not me.', "I left my home in Melbourne to come to Q'land to study and before I hopped in the car I hugged my mother and shook hands with my father. Sensing immediately my father's sadness, I also had a flood of the same emotion.", ' Hello ? ', 'Whereas in Crime and Punishment and in the novels which follow he can , though his narrow glee over being ahead of the fact is unworthy of his art and of what ` idealism " and ` deeper realism " intend . ', 'When I learned that my dad had cancer. I knew he was going to the hospital for some tests. My mom told me when she picked me up one weekend from CAL to take me home.', "We were all very worried about you and I 'm delighted you 're home again . ", " Oh , you men ! You're all the same . ", ' Sounds good . ', " I didn't pass the English exam . How to learn English well ? Can you give me some suggestions ? ", "Look , daddy is on again . Don't you think he is handsome ? ", 'My older brother who gives me unwanted advices about problems in my relationship with my girlfriend.', 'US banks , which also lost heavily , were furious with the Bundesbank for refusing to compensate them . ', 'A friend had promised to get me a book which was very important for my work, but she forgot it.', ' See you . ', 'When I was accepted as a student of Psychology here at Guttenburg.', " Why don't you just stick a gun in my ribs and take everything I have ? ", 'Eventually I will get tired of running ... ', "When I didn't succeed to enter at the University, I felt that the college entrance course sistem prejudiced me, that my integrity, and effort weren't corresponded.", " I fell on the way to school , and your bike got scratched . I'm really sorry . ", 'Neighbours recalled how Ms Bailey was overjoyed at the birth of her daughter . ', 'My heart was thumping with disquiet . ', 'A few weeks back I received a Christmas card from a friend in England.  She had not written to me in a very long time but it     showed that she still remembered me.', 'My father has a chronic desease. In the autumn of 1983 he had a very strong fit or seizure.', 'I realized that the girl I loved had to leave me.', 'For once in his life , Leopold must have been truly happy : his hopes and prayers for his beloved son seemed at last to have come to fruition . ', 'Hello ! ', "One day I came across a certain boy who was intruding my friendship as lovers with my girlfriend and I was very sad because I didn't expect that girl to disappoint me I regarded her as being very faithful.", 'After a disagreement between my parents, when I was alone with my father and my sister, the aggression continued, when my father tried to put me and my sister against my mother revealing facts that had happened in the past like a talk between my father and his mother in law where she told him that my mother was not quite save.', ' Maybe I should just get a tongue piercing ! ', 'While swimming, I hit my head at the bottom of the pool and required stitches. I later learned that the consequences could have been much more severe and that terrified me.', ' They both just talk about how great they are all the time . ', 'A father of 4 children killed in an accident.', ' Yes , me too . I think I ’ Ve lost some important clients recently because of this train ! ', 'While I was pushing a court roller out of a ditch, I slipped and fell down and the roller rolled back towards me -down slope-It is a miracle that I still have my legs intact.', 'One day I had an appointment with my boyfriend which I had objected to in the begining, however he visited me and convinced me to come.  The day of the appointment; I had to wait for him for over an hour.', ' I would like that Anna , but I think I ’ ll need a little space for a bit . ', 'The death of my father.', "Diehard fans might be miffed at some of what 's left out , but it 's tough to argue against any of the songs included .", "What's that ? ", 'I got a very nasty electrical shock when I was tampering with some electrical applainces. ', 'I had the unexpected possibility to see a friend I like very much.', ' What kind ? ', "When the person I'm having the affair with won't talk to me in public.", "I wanted to go out to walk but I didn't know either where or with whom, suddenly an invitation appeared.", 'Nevertheless , your father ( and mother , too for that matter ! ) may well be very pleased if your boyfriend takes the time to have a chat with them . ', ' What scene ? ', "I hadn't been at my parent's place for a long time. When I went to visit them I had high expectations, but when I was there it was very different from what I expected.", " That's OK with me . ", ' I love that dish as well . It is coconut chicken with rice . ', " But I often skip his classes , and he doesn't like me . ", 'The disqualification of two of my mates in the military service.', 'I was feeling really low - had been a series of fights with my siblings, been under pressure at school and wasn\'t going to the party I wanted to go - instead I was going out with my family. A guy called and said, in effect, that I was \\nice\\" and he liked me. Hence the emotional joy."', 'Some friends and I were crossing a street when one of my friends was seized by a car and thrown aside. I had seen the car coming in our direction but I did not have enough time to react and prevent the accident.', " No , sir . I'm afraid not . ", 'I met my present boyfriend on a boat trip to England.  We had said that we would call each other when we got back to Sweden (we were not going to the same town in England).  As soon as I walked in he called from England as he could not wait till he came home.', 'When I got my B.A degree with first class.', 'I learned that a class-mate had given a list, of peolpe who help each other in exams, to the professor.', 'Finding out I am not chosen for the English lectures.', 'Several hours passed while he sat there , knowing that Maud would be inconsolable at having missed a charity dinner . ', ' 2 months . ', ' Sure . ', 'My employer took too many aspirins for a bad back and also drank an enormous amount of spirit.  This was dangerous  and he did not understand that he had done anything wrong.', "Lucille 's despondency was caused by a fear of Sharpe 's death , not a British defeat , but she dared not articulate such a thought . ", 'Have no Eddies here #Bodyguard for hire, contact me directly for my services EddieSantanaVIP@gmail.com #KingVIPProtection', ' And why are you yarning now ? Are you bored ? ', 'Last semester when I dated a girl whom I\'ve known for almost a year. However one night she said she wanted us to be \\just friends\\". I confided this to a friend Jim I was really suffering. A month or two later he broke up with his old girlfriend and they started going out regularly. I have no girlfriend nor have I had a romantic relationship of any significance. I feel some anger but we are friends again."', 'When I saw my name in the newspaper and I knew that I entered at the University.', 'When I had to leave home to go to some other place to study.', 'For the watching world , she smiled and laughed , seeming perfectly delighted with her husband and newfound status . ', ' Yes , I can see . The summer heat is over , and the winter cold is still far away . ', ' How much ? ', " I wanted to , but I knew that if I spoke to her , I'd just blow up at her , so I decided to just go home . I called her later that night , but she didn't answer the phone . ", 'Look at what you have done . All thumbs . ', 'As she looked around she felt a twinge of sadness that in a carriage where 70 per cent of the commuters were men there were five women forced to stand in the aisle . ', ' Yes , it ’ s exciting . This month we are doing crossword puzzles . ', 'My father had a heart attack when I was not at home (I was still living with them).  He recovered relatively well although he had to retire (which implied relief from the stress of a small scale enterprise).', ' no ... ', 'When my father had a cerebral hemorrhage.', ' You did ? ', 'At WalMart with @iNesha_iP and she just saw a midget and freaked completely out! will KILL you, lol!', 'When my lover and I felt like we had gone full circle. And our relationship was new, fresh, vital etc. once again.', 'I was accepted by the Chinese university.', ' Hope so . ', ' Hope so . ', 'Being very close to having an auto accident, almost driving off the road.', "I'll be late because I have waited so long ! ", 'However , I thought you might share my amusement at the thought of baked beans at a low tension ! ', ' my advisor ? ', ' That girl was my cousin . ', 'I had a very heavy work load and two colleagues, whom I have nothing against, disturbed me by \\terror ringing\\", i.e continously interrupting me by telephoning."', ' This is a really great place to watch a baseball game . ', 'I was for the first time on a brigade this year. At that time my sister was to bear a child. I was mad with joy when I opened the telegram from my parents and learned I had a nephew.', ' It was just like Rambo ,  said one of the scores of horrified students who fled from the university after the massacre . ', "I unfairly got a low mark on an exam and I failed to win a grant, since then I don't have much confidence in myself at an exam.", 'When the church choir came one Sunday after being away for some weeks.', " The cat has eaten my fish , I'll kill it . ", "It was when my father was taken into detention by the CIDS for two years for a reason I don't know up to now.", " I hope so . But I'm always caught short . ", ' Sorry isn ’ t good enough ! What can you do to help me ? ', 'We huddle beneath the covers , but to our dismay , the one duvet is but a slim pink layer of fabric resembling a furniture cover . ', ' Of course ! They use this machine with a needle that pokes your skin and inserts the ink . ', 'I was on a trip to Phillipines during Summer and I was staying in a hotel.  The room I was staying in was very silent and had very dim lights.  The last night I felt frightened and lay awake - I could hear some sounds around me and dared not open my eyes - I waited for dawn.', "Said his co-boss Curbishley : ` I was a bit disappointed when Lennie Lawrence at Middlesbrough didn't come up with the price we 'd fixed but I 'm happy the lad is still here . ", " I think it's dangerous . What if I can't turn it off ? ", ' Yeah right ! I ’ m serious ! You should also cut down on your sugar intake as well . You drink carbonated drinks that are high in fructose syrup ! It ’ s really not healthy ! ', ' Excuse me ? ', 'Mrs Thatcher has mastered the sound-bite , to be repeated at intervals like a mantra : ` So very pleased with how it \'s going . " ', 'Being close to drowning.', 'I confronted with this feeling at the Institute quite recently, the pedology lecturer was the cause.', "I'm not afraid of tomorrow, for I have seen yesterday and I love today Onwards and upwards!", ' Oh , hi ! ', ' Why ? ', ' I never went to court . ', "The feeling of joy when again I had confessed my sin and experienced God's forgiving grace and cleansing power - total enlightenment and freedome - bliss.", 'When my sister - after a history of one abortion and one stillbirth - gave birth to a perfectly healty boy.', 'A close married friend has just had his first child.', ' But it is ! Take this morning for example . The subway was so packed this morning , I got totally squished by about a hundred busy commuters on the way to work . ', ' You hit the white ball with your cue . The white ball hits the colored balls . And you want to get the colored balls into the pockets . ', " Oh , I'm sorry to hear that , sir . What exactly is problem ? ", ' What ? ', 'My sister marrying a bad man. He is cruel to her.', 'I phoned a friend of mine to ask her for news about the marks in an exam.  She told me that I had passed.', 'Afraid of a dead body.', ' Well , I wish you luck here . ', ' Like how ? ', 'When my grandmother passed away.', 'I was angry with a friend of mine who behaved in an affected manner.', " Fine . Let's call a truce . I'll try to more considerate and to keep the noise down . ", ' See you . ', 'The sheriff had said the most likely explanation was that the father had become exasperated . ', 'Dont believe the lies Look me in my eyes Please dont be scared of me& remember you this feeling isnt new..   dnt ', 'When we stayed in Vienna with our class, my friend and I behaved incorrectly. Our teacher threatened us with exclusion from school.', 'I was diving below the ice, in a cave, at a depth of 26 metres.  Visibility was almost zero and the oxygen level decreased threateningly.  There were three of us divers on one safety rope.', 'My father suddenly fell ill and died.', ' Fine ! ', ' Where ? ', 'This is a peculiarly nasty technique of persuasion , causing great psychological anguish throughout the middle ages and even today . ', ' He does everything so mindlessly that he is going to drive me crazy . ', " I'm an engineer at IBM . ", 'I had a singing-lesson, but I was not very good. The last exercise was singing scales. I did that very well and my teacher seemed satisfied.', 'Receiving my result slip (pass) on my birthday.', ' Thank you , I just tried my best . I am very happy to know you like it . ', 'When someone I was close to became a paranoid schizophrenic and I was unable to see this person because of the situation.', 'When an English teacher unfairly made me repeat a semester which I thought I had passed.  I had to ask my parents for some more money to carry on studying.', " All right , sir . May I have your driver's license ? ", ' I am sorry , sir . You bought it 2 weeks ago , and you can only refund it in one week . ', ' What is it ? ', 'Receiving notification that I had made a successful application to the Speech Therapy course at Uni, gave me a very good feelig of achievment and joy.', 'They say your penis is related to your shoe size. Well that makes the of getting raped by a clown much scarier.', "I'm definitely wearing something neutral over my red in Baton Rouge next week. #cajuns", 'When I received my results and found out that I could not go to a school of my choice.', 'When my mother scolded me for something, very insignificant, without knowing the real cause of what had happened. ', ' Yes , I am . ', 'It was , I thought , a measure of her self-control that she had waited until now to express her annoyance . ', 'When I heard my name being announced on the radio that I had been successful in an interview for admittance for a medical Assistant training course. I was really happy and I enjoyed myself by dancing to music from the Radio cassette.', " I'm from Shanghai . And you ? ", 'A close person lied to me.', ' I will . ', 'There is indeed much disquiet at any delay in immediate fulfilment . ', 'The thought of having to read a boring book of 400 pages in English.', 'When I was selected to study here at university.', 'The excited smile on her face told Ingrid that the girl was enjoying herself . ', " but don't you think it annoying to overcharge the customers by such a handsome margin ? ", " Please do that . I can't wait to come back again . The performance must be really amazing . ", 'When I saw a big man hit another one, and nobody did anything.', ' It ’ s a story about a policemen who is investigating a series of strange murders . I play the part of the detective . He has to catch the killer , but there ’ s very little evidence . It ’ s a psychological th ', 'When my father passed away.', 'When I had to walk along a dark road alone.', 'Hello . ', 'Was threatened with a knife ... in the military by soldiers form another unit. The reason was girls.', ' All right . ', ' I like classical music . Do you ? ', " No , I can't see that happening . I know you're a good cook and nothing like that would ever happen . ", 'When I was operated on the knee and had to go through rehabilitation.', 'Five minutes went by as she reflected that Rosemary must be feeling as miserable as Travis , then , checking to see that Travis was all right as she passed , she went to bed . ', 'I was escorting a relative on a bike, we passed by a dark road with bushas on each side.  Half way down this road, suddenly, we   saw a white dog appear from one side.  Before we could do anything, it had vanished and moreover it did not seem to have any legs.', ' is the of phobias, or the fear of fear. A person with Phobophobia is mortified of developing a #phobia. #facts', 'One evening I was watching the news on TV. Again they were talking about the danger of war. Suddenly I imagined what it might mean for me, for my friends, for the people close to me. I felt it a very near and possible event.', ' I was stuck between 15th and 16th floors in the elevator . ', 'It was when my friend had stolen my money (K10) and had disappeared.', 'There is always a moment in time when we can make a decision whether or not to vent our anger . ', 'Alone I am coming back home in the night after the serial \\explanation\\"."', " First I was late for school this morning , and now I broke your vase . This isn't my day ! ", 'The queen was grief-stricken at his death . ', 'Before I had a tooth pulled out.  I was very upset and ill.', 'I remembered his amusement about such underwear on his first evening at Sleet , how he subsided into laughter , infectious to everyone but me . ', " What's on ? ", ' Bye . ', 'I for the #waitress hauling my stuffed #french #toast out to me; she might #end up coming out with a stump where her #ass was...', "I'm a little nervous . ", ' Yes ! Thank goodness you ’ re here.These bugs are driving us crazy ! ', "He looked at the children , at Nick 's horrified face , and then at Auntie Lou . ", 'Got a present from my friend for my birthday.', 'When a study tour got confirmed, I was happy all the time till    the tour began.', ' My first grandchild . ', 'When I heard a rumour that the 1st year exam results were out. I had fear that I might be one of the failures.', 'Never really had the experience just yet - N/A.', ' Glasses ? ', 'I have a terrible toothache . ', 'Reunion with my wife after a legal separation.', "Nevertheless , Maeve 's sharp eyes had missed nothing ; her husband looked exhausted , troubled , and now she felt agitated . ", 'When I opened my TE Score envelope, and saw I got into Physiotherapy.', 'That comes after growing Irish annoyance at the continued failure of the British to ensure that the RUC accompanies the UDR on all its operations . ', 'Horror by gunfire differs little from horror inflicted by the guillotine , sword or wheel , it seems , and sheer bestiality lurks only fractionally below the veneer of so-called civilized societies . ', ' Maybe ... ', 'Ah ! No ! Damn it ! ', 'When my father died I felt myself alone and the fear possessed me. I was a child and all my sisters and brothers (8) were young.', 'When the reaction set in she had felt utterly miserable . ', ' They ’ re really running you into the ground . Why don ’ t you ask for some time off ? You could take a long weekend and go away somewhere . ', ' Is there a big generation gap between parents and their children in you country ? ', 'When grandfather died.', 'In a day when at work, in school, and relationships came out as I wanted, and I was recognized in my work.', "The sun was shining the next morning but the brightness of the day did nothing to dispel Eline 's feelings of dejection . ", ' I can ’ t believe it ! I thought the Cougars were going to win for sure . ', 'The law said nothing about duels between species which were not considered to be human -- although that did not prevent an offended party from seeking recourse . ', "A friend suggested in a round-about way that the reason we were late for something was because of me, and that I'm often late. I know this was partly true, but felt it unjustified that particular time and I felt I couldn't do  anything about it anyway (i.e. being late).", 'While cycling in the country, I came across a large herd of cows.', 'When after a lot of provocation my child threw a plate on the floor.', 'I had been watching a TV-program on paranormal phenomena.  At night I could not fall off to sleep as I feared that humanoids were on the move.', ' Sorry , Mr . Polly . ', 'Mad at my dad.', "The army hadn't been too pleased about that little episode either . ", ' You won ’ t believe who ’ s been elected to do overtime on the Baker account ! Me ! I ’ Ve already logged in 20 hours of overtime ! ', " I'm not . I just don't feel like drinking whole milk today . Why ? Do you think I'm fat ? ", 'When I passed an exam.', ' sounds amazing as always.. I should really find a way to watch the product', 'NO RESPONSE.', ' Yeah , it reminds you why they say baseball is America ’ s favorite pastime . ', 'When I was the target of a great many insults and completely unfair accusations of a large group of people.', " Oh , that's exciting . What does this guy look like ? Is he hot ? ", ' It ’ s unfair . ', 'Staying in the room alone at night.', "One day I was really angry when all my food was eaten by a dog. My anger was against my mother because she was careless. She didn't keep the food in a hidden and proper place.", 'Hello ? ', " No , I just check my weight , I'm getting fatter . ", ' Come on , don ’ t flatter me anymore . I took the job because I love being challenged . But I can ’ t get this turned around without the support from you people . ', 'I helped my little sister (13 years) learning mathematics. Obviously she did not want to understand what I explained and started to cry. I grew angry.', 'Left alone in the dark in a big building.', 'She felt disquieted at the lack of interest the girl had shown -- anything might happen in this sort of house , she told herself indignantly . ', ' Yes . ', 'He looked a little crestfallen . ', 'When a friend of mine told me that he was going to commit suicide.', " That's OK . ", "@BrightonEd I'm also putting off getting an eye test as I know ill need glasses!  ", ' January 5th . ', ' I hear the beaches in Thailand are beautiful . ', 'I was seriously injured in a road accident. The very first steps I took with only one crutch to support me I felt so good. I enjoy being alive.', 'A friend got angry and drove like a lunatic with me and others in his car. I was angry about his dangerous driving."', 'For some the strain of living together without legal ties leads to considerable anguish . ', "the awkward moment when someone who shouldn't wear a thong does O,o ", 'When I was the first to arrive at the scene after an accident, and found that a close school friend had been killed.', ' Certainly . ', 'My roommate refused to walk with me to the English lectures. I have to walk alone in the dark. Lectures are in the biology building.', 'I felt very sad when I lost my three Kwacha at civo Stadium when Sam Mangwana was playing some Rumba records. That was not what I expected, I wanted some Disco records.', " Sorry , but I'm not really that interested in those things . ", ' Exactly . ', " No , forget that ! Do the tourniquet first . I'm losing too much blood . ", ' I don ’ t feel sick , ... let me check ... Nope ! No fever , I ’ m fine . ', 'Robyn was almost ill with excitement and outrage . ', 'Concerned as to whether he was adequately looking after himself , but especially concerned as to his future as a writer . ', '@EdMatts I smell now.  Market is in regret.', 'When I passed the driving test (on the second try).', ' No , what ? ', 'How could she be concerned about the choice of jam ? ', 'He is portrayed as showing sorrow at the destruction caused by German bombers and it is he who ` saves the day " by first giving himself up and then being shot by Clogger . ', 'I felt angry at one time when I was chatting with friends and suddenly another friend joined us and started opposing any comment I added to our chatting.', 'When diving deep into the sea to reach the floor I felt breathless. I was cautious but I doubted I should be able to come to the surface and inhale.', 'The day I got a telegram telling me that I had been selected for a B.A at university.  I felt happy because I had not expected to be selected.', 'After the funeral of an acquaintance I felt very depressed. That feeling turned into joy when I heard that I had achieved a good grade for an examination.', ' Which is easier to learn ? ', ' But that ’ s not the only thing ... you know , he really doesn ’ t have the best work ethic , I ’ m constantly catching him on MSN and Facebook when he should be talking to clients . ', "I dreamt of my father's death while I was at secondary school.  I was screaming at the top of my voice and was woken up by my friend.  That day I was really sad.", ' How ? ', 'David is concerned at the length of time he says it took for an ambulance to arrive . ', 'Last night - finding that someone in the house had eaten an entire packet of almonds I had bought for a family treat.', "I 'm thrilled to see her ! ", 'When my dog ran out on thin ice last spring.', ' Oh , that ’ s very sad . ', '` When we came to tell you that the service was postponed you were in a very agitated state -- but then it was difficult to persuade you to leave off playing . " ', 'I remember the day my father died. I was 11 years old and my sadness was so great that until today I remember everything about that day, from the clothes I was wearing to the reactions of people, the despair of my mother and brother. It marked me a lot and was the greatest sadness I felt.', 'When my boyfriend almost had a relationship with a close friend of mine.', 'A certain person started to say dreadful things very calmly, I felt hurt and disgusted.', 'Whenever I think of enrolling in Organic Chemistry.', 'My father dying.', "To buy a car and didn't like the business and the car.", " We'll get to go fishing at the river . I hate fish . ", ' Why ? ', ' They obviously thought I was doing terribly badly at that time and were very pleased at how well they had rigged me out  until I put on the mac . ', "Somebody took my wristwatch and promised to have it mended and later was telling me that he couldn't give it back to me because I was rude at a certain time.", 'When I realized that it did not make much sense to start a relationship with a girl who was not very constructive to establish a firm relationship.', ' They weren ’ t supposed to arrest me . ', " Why are you being so nice to me ? Don't think for a second that I trust you . ", 'When I entered the operation theatre and underwent a difficult operation.', ' Absolutely . ', "My fiancee and I were at my parent's place watching TV. There were  only two TV-chairs and we were sitting on them when my drunken brother came in and rudely chased my fiancee off the chair she was sitting on.", 'I met some nice people during my holdidays. When they left I knew that I would never see them again.', ' Www , man ! ', '` No , " she replied briefly , feeling more and more resentful . ', 'I was afraid of a certain examination although I was relatively well prepared.', "A ex-boyfriend tried to prejudice me before my fianceand his family saying things about me that let his family worried. We had to postpone our wedding and we were already using our wedding rings. To be honest I didn't feel just anger, I felt hate.", 'I felt happy when I learnt that I had qualified for the grade eight.', 'Falling off a cliff in the mountains.', 'When my neighbours accused my brother of stealing their rose-bush, I was very angry as he had not touched it at all.', 'I want you and Sheila to know how very much I appreciate the kindness shown to me in my earlier mood of despondency . ', 'Britt is heartbroken that her eight-year marriage to toyboy husband ` Slim " Jim McDonnell , 31 , is to end in divorce . ', 'What ’ s the plot of your new movie ? ', ' Oh , thanks , professor Donald . This is really very nice of you . ', 'have to drink water so that the kidneys are not sick !! :(', 'Then , as could happen with him , he felt a deep despondency replace his feeling of elation . ', 'Being driven by friend who suddenly swerved and skidded a little. It was night and on a long trip. We ended up on side of road.', 'From the other end of the table Ymor watched with mild amusement , occasionally feeding one of his ravens with scraps from his plate . ', ' Then what ? ', 'On May 20th I got a summon to appear in court on May 28th 1985 on the subject of impregnanting a school girl. I really feared of standing in the court in a few days time after this notice. I was also embarassed due to formal approach that was expected of me to the Principal.', "I 'm delighted to learn that his advice has been sought in the present enterprise . ", "During the Christmas holdidays I wanted to invite my brother, his girlfriend and their child for dinner. When I said to my brother's girlfriend that I would like them to come at my place for dinner, she refused and never mentioned it again as if I had never asked her.", ' Grannie always tries to stay fit and healthy.She is always making us kids eat the proper foods . ', 'A colleague asked me to study with her. I could not explain things as perfectly as she had expected. So she reacted in an aggressive manner.', ' No , this is a focus-free camera . All you have to do is point and press the button . ', ' Sure , I have . Will you join ? ', 'We nah  ah  nah ah #nobody &#xA;We nah #talk from #nobody &#xA;No bowy nah badda Dan weeeee &#xA;#suckyuhmummapussyhole', 'When my application for studying the masters degree was accepted. ', 'When I failed an exam.', 'Selling my used car.', ' Well , he made quite a few mistakes on the monthly report and when his supervisor found them , my manager blamed them on me ! ', "She didn't want to get sad now , not now after it had been so good . ", 'I was in a dancing-tavern and the atmosphere was one of waiting for the end of the world.  Suddenly people began dancing wildly, inspired by the band.  An unbelievable experience : wonderful that even Finns sometimes flare up and forget to think \\what others are thinking of me\\".  It was delightful to dance to one\'s heart content."', "Professor Winston said : ` I 'm thrilled to see them all here . ", 'She stopped as she saw the look of annoyance on his face . ', 'When I think about the short time that we live and relate it to the periods of my life when I think that I did not use this short time.', " I'm so honored that you thought to ask me . ", 'does your family have a record of your ancestors ? ', ' Why not ? ', "I was sad when I heard that my cousin died because of being bewitched by her husband's second wife.", 'This would normally push up her heart rate but with her pulse already racing due to the alcohol , dancing and general party excitement the increase is not as noticeable as normal . ', 'When after 10 months of national service I was \\downgraded\\" and did not have to do the remaining 5 months."', ' Yes , 50 Yuan per month . ', ' No ! ! ! ', 'When I got a record as a gift from a friend.', 'Cranston repeated , fighting hard to control the excitement in his voice . ', ' Why are you so bitter ? No one tells worse joke than you . ', ' I am sorry , there are so many travelers that all our tables have been booked on that day . ', ' You will . ', 'I was afraid when my dog ran out through a crack in the fence when  a train was coming.', 'A very close friend left me.', 'One day, when riding on a bicycle path, a car coming from the opposite direction forced me to get off my bike although I had the priority.', 'Chatterton did not sound unduly worried at that prospect . ', 'No-one seemed concerned that the museums , the temples of culture and art , were subjected to such indignities . ', " I have been working on it for a whole month and it's too late to write another . Just think of all my hard work that goes for nothing . How could I do such a thing ? ", "But he still feels miffed and mystified as to why manager Kevin Keegan discarded him so readily from St James ' Park and why no other Premier League clubs were willing to hire his lethal skills . ", "My mother's death.", ' Oh , yeah ? ', ' That doesn ’ t make any sense . ', 'When I miss the train and I am late, and I have to wait half an hour for the next one.', 'His delight and sense of wonder at the growth of his baby were erratic as other interests pressed , but real enough . ', " Our red underwear didn't do any good at all ! ", "For all those years you've protected the seed, it's time to become the beautiful flower.~S.C. Paul   ", 'Finding out that the university will give first priority to qualified practioners and clinical years to go to your English lectures.', 'Whether or not the Palace actually arranged for the drawing to be removed , there can be little doubt that they were delighted to be rid of it . ', 'At school, I had acted against the will of the group, and the next day they promised to take revenge on me.', 'I had a picnic with old classmates, we chatted and played games.', ' I can ’ t believe she would do that to you . It ’ s so dishonest---and rude ! ', ' No . ', ' Yes . ', 'When I heard about the death of Frantois Truffaut, the French motion  picture director, on the radio.  I had planned to go and see his last film.', 'One fears many things, for example one fears going to the dentist. but as far as I am concerned this feeling is connected with the examination session.', 'Finding out that the girl I like does not like me.', ' About 6:00 . ', 'Always when I get separated from my friends and relatives from my home town.', ' Yeah ! ', 'The night outside was drizzling with rain , and everyone except himself hurried for a cab ; the flower-sellers were disconsolate . ', ' Calm down . ', ' Yes . ', "When my fiancee travelled 2000 Km to visit me, and I hadn't seen her for 4 months.", 'I had been very weary all week - no letters, no phonecalls, no visitors and then my younger sister came with some cheese, a card and some pocket money for me; and she told me that she was working now.', 'Tigers up 10, 34-24 with 4:50 left in the first half. South Alabama coach Ronnie Arrow calls another timeout. Told you we smell ', 'When I was 8 years old, I would usually come home from school with my mother in a car.  For the first time I had to take the school bus, and I mistook the bus stop and found myself two kilometres away from where I lived.  I was very scared, wondering how I would get back home.', 'When they denied a job to a person that I propsed giving political reasons that has nothing to do directly with the professional level.', ' You are doing the waltz wonderfully well . ', 'A friend of mine often had difficulties with her parents. Once she had a child she had a better relationship with them.', 'When an acquaintance of mine beat up another person for no just reason, and thus showed off his power.', 'When I saw a ghost.', ' His nose is out of joint because we forgot to invite him to the party . ', 'You could make a fortune , " she said in genuine amusement . ', 'only thing holding me back.', 'I sensed such a feeling when I understood I was admitted to the University. I was at home, the atmosphere was still, though I myself was full of suspense. I tried to do different things. When the telephone rang and...! Yes, of course there were other situations when I felt a similar feeling but I was unmindful of them.', 'I felt very happy when I was accepted at university for my studies.  I had not expected this as I had been ill during the exams.', 'When someone told a secret I told them not to tell.', ' Great . ', " Do you really think so ? I don't . It will just make us fat and act silly . Remember last time ? ", ' Please explain because it makes no sense to me . How can a girl ’ s routine be so complicated ? You get up , you shower , you get dressed , you brush your teeth , you ’ re out the door . Half an hour , tops . ', 'My sister, whom I like very much, asked me for a favour which I refused her for some flimsy reason. Some time later I felt sorry for that and something like sadness.', "I've just been a little depressed lately . ", 'When I got accepted to CAL.', '` They are naturally excited about getting the championship back after 33 years , " he said . ', " Hello ? Yes , someone has passed out at Dongle Ave . and 2nd street . He isn't breathing and doesn't have a pulse . Yes , my friend is performing CPR . Ok , thank you . They are sending an ambulance . Here , let me help . ", ' Who was it ? ', 'When I got myself the kind of girlfriend I had been hunting for a long time.', 'When I told my girlfriend a joke openly and frankly.', '@Soundplatinum3 Thank you so much for tonight... It was truly a blessing If God did give then where did it come from ', 'To my great annoyance I found myself jealous . ', '` Well , he was pleased when you agreed to this . ', " She loves to nitpick and criticizes everything that I do . I can never do anything right when she's around . ", 'Article published.', ' I know , Blake . But you ’ Ve been avoiding me all morning , and we have got to talk about this deal with the Mc Kinsey Food Company . ', ' Only one . ', ' Ashes to ashes and dust to dust ... ', "As I set off I had a fleeting glimpse of the leer of pure delight on Simkin 's face . ", 'When I passed an exam.', ' But he was trying to beat about the bush . And my talk with him was fruitless . ', ' Oh , he ’ s fine . Kids seem to grow up very quickly nowadays . ', 'I was angry when my sister began to talk nonsense and to laugh at the way I swept the room.  My anger grew (I tried to control myself).  After telling her to leave me alone, I vented my anger on her as she did not obey me.', "When I knew that a person that I liked very much didn't react the way I would like to, even that I knew about his feelings for me.", 'I was camping with a friend of mine and we spent the night in the forest.  I could not fall off to sleep and could clearly hear noises from outside (steps ?) approaching our tent.', 'Aside from the fact that Jill is quite capable of carrying her own books , her glumness could easily be due to being a young lesbian forced to suppress it and wishing Jack would take his stupid pick-up lines elsewhere . ', ' A second language is always difficult . ', ' I guess so . ', ' why ? ', 'When I stood first in the B.A exams.  Earlier I had heard of these boys and girls who were toppers, but when I first heard of me having topped I could not believe it.', 'Physically fighting with my girlfriend because she just walked out of a room of my friends and had pushed and cursed at me when I went to find her.', "is such a weak emotion that's why I despise it.", "Agnes noted with alarm that a pink flush was suffusing Dorothy 's face , a sure sign of temper , and really , thought her loyal assistant , she had every right to be cross under the circumstances . ", 'It was not long ago when I and two of friends of mine got quite drunk and one of them began to rave under the influence of the alcohol. I felt fear of what could have happened.', 'Finding out the great difference between China and the West in science.', 'My sister bkoke her leg.', ' Ok . Take care . Have a nice journey . ', " I agree . You can't expect a close relationship with a dishonest person . Those are the people that will turn their back on you when you are in need . ", 'Walking on a dark street with noone around.', " You're dancing so well . ", ' Yes , but there is nothing inside the drawers or on the desk . ', 'We were on the road in a car when a lorry bypassed us.  We had to swerve and we almost got run over.', "A grief-stricken Mr Ellis said yesterday : ` It 's a nightmare . ", ' I see . ', ' great . I ’ m looking forward to it . ', 'The end of a relationship (after 4 years) by doing this I hurt the other person very much.', ' See you . ', ' Yes . ', " Yes , I'm serious . I'm really sorry about missing your concert . ", ' I don ’ t know . I didn ’ t really feel like going out . I guess I ’ m feeling a little homesick . ', '@s_utter I was terrified as well. It made me not ever want to celebrate Christmas in Middle Earth.  ', ' But what do most people think about it ? ', ' Don ’ t tell me what to do ! I ’ ll get to it when I get around to it ! ', 'On my birthday when several good friends came to visit me.', 'When I was making music together with my friend. It sounded very good and we were very satisfied.', ' Ok . ', ' My car won ’ t start ! Stupid old car ! ', ' Why ? ', 'When my boyfriend said he did not want to see me anymore (which turned out to be untrue).', " It's 9:30 . ", 'When a thief entered the house in which I was sleeping.', 'I received a letter from a friend whom I was missing', 'When I heard that I had been selected for the university.', " I'm scared . ", 'The birth of my first child.', '@LumixGoals who will also increase our wage bill? No sense bringing in anyone. What message does that say to our yound talents? ', 'Oh , my goodness . The traffic is crawling . ', 'When I heard that my girlfriend was getting married to another person, I felt very sad.  That day I did not eat anything and kept thinking of her all day long.', 'When a girl did not answer a question, concerning my love for her, put forward to her.', ' Where to ? ', 'Before examination.', ' No , thank you . ', 'When I was young, I became very angry as I was not allowed to stay up all night for the fair in my town.', 'First time in anatomy.', '@Toop99 Oh god, the drunken disorderlyness on Sat night was outrageous and the has set in nicely! Hope u had a good one \ue312', 'Insulted by other people in the shop.', 'When my children were born.', 'Determinedly she put her worries and the root cause of her despondency behind her and tried to think more cheerfully . ', 'At a success of mine, at a real achievement.', 'I studied medicine for several semesters and at that time I developed a great fear of examinations. I was most afraid of my examination of anatomy. While other students were examined, I was dissecting. I was able to hear everything and was waiting with fear until it was my turn.', " I don't know . She always said I didn't love her , but I did . ", 'Recently a good friend only called me when he needed something. He never said \\please\\" or \\"thank you\\" or any other kind word."', ' I know , Mr . Douglas . But I am really sick . ', 'I was interviewing a gurl and she flipped the tables on me by questioning me in the freakiest way ever! The rapist got mind raped, ppl! ', 'In life there is either  or -I pick #confidence ~David Murphy', 'It was last September when I felt very sad. It was when I heard that I was not selected to study in the University of Malawi.', ' Fine ! By the way would you mind not slurping your coffee every time you have a cup ! ', ' And that ? ', 'F.E.A.R. - False Evidence Appearing Real.  #quotes #quote #kktny #ff #follow #kardashians #kardashians #kuwtk', 'Not applicable to myself.', 'I was testing my new roller skates in the street, suddenly a dog ran barking in my direction, very threatening. I was very startled and terribly upset.', ' Sure ', 'When my grandmother passed away.', ' my boss . ', 'Being harrassed for being gay; suggestions of being physically beaten - acting as informal bouncer in a gay bar.', ' OK . ', 'While he went up to the bar to order , Ellie settled back in her seat , and , with a rather sad light in her eyes , watched him . ', 'Hey Lydia , what are you reading ? ', 'When I was 17, I had a mystic vision. I melted into a dazzling light, which omitted perfect love. The physical experience became unimportant, I heard or saw the words overcome egotism. The feeling of joy remained for month after that experience."', 'While walking through an old mining area, I unwittingly disturbed a wallaby which, in its resultant flight, accidentally fell down a deep mine shaft. On investigation it seemed uninjured, but it was impossible for the wallaby to get out, and also for me to get it out of the shaft. To prevent its suffering a slow death, I shot it.', 'Busking or playing musical instruments in the Underground , to the annoyance of other passengers , is an offence ', ' OK . ', ' Fifty yuan . ', " That's all right . But why were you so rude to me at lunch . ", 'I passed my MCE Examination. at first I was worried but when I heard my name I had joy in my heart and I arranged for a trip to attend a wedding ceremony.', ' What signs ? ', 'I was camping in an old broken hut which had no lights.  I had brought along a lamp which was not working very well.  The door made strange sounds and I was sure that strange things were happening.  The most terrifying bit was that there were many wardrobes in the hut and everytime that I looked in the glass of the wardrobe I felt that there were \\objects\\" behind me.   The whole night was spent in fear and restlessness."', '` And I \'m frightened that if I go down to the cellars I might die . " ', 'The death of a relative, friend, or someone I esteem.', " OK , you can stop now.It ' s time for the dance class . ", 'She shot him a look of exasperation . ', ' Sure . ', 'I saw a report on T.V news on apartheid in South Africa. ', " Well , he's become friends with a couple of older boys who are in a band . And one night last weekend , he came home really late , way past his curfew . ", 'But why does Mr Ross always look sad ? ', 'Before an examination: I had the fealing that I had not learned enough.', 'The trick was really intolerable.  They hid it, and I was worried and restless all day.  When I saw them I really wanted to slap each one of them.', 'It joined me for the rest of the holiday , much to the annoyance of my fellow passengers . ', ' Why not ? ', " I know , it's not as I had planned . ", ' Tony Bush . ', 'Freeze ! ', ' Visa . ', "You didn't ring me last night.You said you would . ", ' What for ? ', ' I won ’ t damage it . ', ' Oh . I enjoy watching boxing on television , too.What a pity I missed it last night ! ', "I shared a secret with a friend and it later turned out that he had revealed it to another person with whom I didn't get along very well.", 'When I realized the burden it was for my mother to look after all of us, all by herself.', ' Why ? ', ' Chicken ! ', 'When my friend (girl) went abroad for two years.', 'I received money from my father at a time when I was completely broken.', 'My friend not allowed to go to the English lectures.', ' Ar ! Dad , the power went out . ', ' Engaged ? ', "Yesterday when I received a B on a history midterm. I felt overjoyed after having received C's previously.", ' No . ', ' OK . ', 'One of my good friends had to migrate to America.  Our friendship had developed quite well and it was a pity as our friendship would fade.', 'I thought that I would be scolded for a comment I had made, which I should not have made.', 'Made a statement that other people did not believe.', ' I heard it ’ s a very good movie . ', '` His gratification was almost unbounded when on arriving at the Belts of the Murray he found not only numerous new Species but new forms of Birds . ', "When a colleague was rude with me because she didn't understand the subject about which I was discussing.", ' Yeah . My whole GPA is screwed up now . ', 'Anne was sad at the death of the Misses Dolan but too much was happening for her to dwell on it . ', ' excellent ! That sounds like a plan . ', "The day I was nearly stabbed to death by ruffians who wanted to take my money.  I refused to give them any money and they started running after me, I ran into somebody else's house to save myself.", 'When I was caught in an elevator and it got stuck between floors.', ' it must be very demanding . ', ' You must have been prepared for a long time . Some statistics in this presentation are not easy to find , right ? ', " Oh , I just can't forget it . ", ' Woo , easy . ', 'Mr Carruthers said that the vast majority of evidence was over but acknowledged he was concerned that Mr McTear would not be able to conclude his testimony . ', " Rather . I'm afraid I didn't do very well . ", '` I am practical , " Jessamy insisted with some annoyance . ', " I don't think you really want to hear about it . ", ' You ought to have worked harder then you wouldn ’ t have failed your exams . You have to take a job and study . ', ' A B plus . ', ' Why not ? ', "You're late . ", ' No problem . ', ' Maybe so , but do you have any idea how much this one is worth ? ', 'Lo ga takut untuk mencintai, yang lo takutin adalah tidak dicintai balik.  ', 'I was sad when I saw that a beautiful girl was not attainable.', 'As Christmas approached , the excitement of preparation began to get through to her . ', 'Time flies ! ', 'A certain night during initiation. ', " Oh ! That's much hetter than I did . ", 'Yanto realised to his horror he was now the nearest man to the exit bar . ', 'I passed an exam which I thought I had failed.', 'When the coach of our team degraded me to the second team.', "What this implies and should express is the field-worker 's moral commitment to his foreign hosts ; this can be the source of much personal anguish and heart-searching . ", 'When planning to marry.', 'A certain friend tried to push me off a seat in a very violent way for no apparent reason.  It may be that he was excited about something.', 'When my mother had a nervous illness.', 'A friend gave me a lift and we met a road-block.  He tried  to turn back when an officer shouted at us to stop.  My friend took a turn suddenly and the officer raised his gun but by the time we were gone.', '` I \'m delighted they left you the house , " Julia told Margaret . ', 'After watching the 49ers lose game after game, year after year, I was finally rewarded with a Super Bowl victory which made me extremely happy.', ' What are you so excited about ? ', ' Linda , thank you for this wonderful Christmas dinner . I really enjoyed it . ', ' What ? ', ' Yes . Why ? ', 'Finding out that I can go to your English lectures.', ' Both . ', ' One letter can have several pronunciations and one word can have several meanings . ', ' Be careful . ', 'My girlfriend gave me some feed-back and I understood that it meant that our relationship was about to turn even closer.', ' Don ’ t do this ! Don ’ t do that ! You mustn ’ t do this ! You can ’ t do that ! ', 'I \\cooked\\" the engine in my father\'s car - it was actually his fault because he hadn\'t fixed the temperature gauge or told me. When I finally got home I was absolutely screamed at and the anger I experienced was over the injustice of it all plus the huge row which developed."', ' Me too . Please write to me as soon as you get Boston . ', 'Not so , according to elated opponents of nuclear power . ', 'When I was offered a place in the university as a full time student.', 'When my beloved girlfriend got married to another person.', ' We hope so . ', ' Thank you . ', " No , I'm a tourist . This place is amazing ! It's much bigger than I imagined , and much more exciting ! There's so much to see here . ", 'For the Opposition , Sam Galbraith said he was particularly angry that the Government was reneging on the ballot subsidy . ', 'When my mother and father split up I was angry: I felt deprived and \\different\\" from other children at school."', "Don't believe the lies look me In the eyes, please don't be scared of me ", 'My boy-friend had promised me to come home at about 10 p.m. He did not return until midnight and had consumed a lot of alcohol.', 'When a friend told me that my education had nothing to do with our discussion.  This friend has failed the 7th grade, what made me angry was that I had not used my education to argue.', ' I drink a lot of wine . ', ' Of course I should have ! You certainly deserve them ! You put up with all of us . ', 'However , in 1878 , deaf education in Greenock faced a crisis because there was no-one able to continue to teach the children , and one parent was not happy about his child being taught in sign language . ', ' Yeah , I was really struggling whether I should give you this nice little car . It was the last one they had and I really like it so much myself . ', ' Thank you , I will . Hope to see you again next year . ', 'When I had to talk with an important person about a job.', ' OK ! ', 'At primary school I was accused by some boys of being in love with a certain girl in their class so they had to shout and beat the girl and the matter was reported to the headmaster.', ' Really , because spicy food is my favorite . ', " And if we don't need them , we won't need Zina , either . ", "When I part with my friends I feel always sad for some time. I can't remember a concrete example now. For example I have just parted with a friend of mine and I am feeling sad.", ' I am very grateful for your advice . ', 'She missed him , and missed the companionable secrecy of their relationship , but she was not miserable about it . ', "I wish i could get the lyrics to by @Drake tattoo'd on my body. But that'd be one big ass tattoo", 'When I was in Form 4, at Secondary School, I was elected as a school Library Assistant and also the leader of Catholic Students, so I felt very joyous.', 'Hello ? ', "You're late . ", 'I felt glad to live again when I went to a meeting about the \\Knowledge\\". There are 4 techniques of meditation that connect you with the essence of the human being."', 'I was a little concerned that you put so much emphasis on return to work . ', " Don't get smart with me . Here , do it again , but do it right this time . ", 'Hahaha just got a shot at the doctors and was the nurse was about to kill me because I was freaking out so much ', 'But , determined that he shouldn\'t have the satisfaction of seeing her vexation , she said drily , ` Don\'t mention it ; I \'m only glad it wasn\'t rush-hour . " ', ' Yes , next March . ', "Don't believe the lies, look me in the eyes- please don't be scared of me ", ' Yes . ', ' Yes and no . ', 'When I left all my friends at school (break up) knowing we would probably all go our separate ways, and none see one another for a long time.', 'Hello . ', 'After some friends had come to see me. They had stayed for several days and we had got on very well. When they had left, I had a feeling of emptyness.', 'My first public appearance in front of a rathe big audience.', 'My husband still feels very cross . ', ' Yes , I think you ’ re right . I ’ m thinking about having a child , but not just yet . ', 'Saying goodbye at the airport to my boyfriend who has to go to school back East. We are very close and have been together 4 years.', " I think you can go to visit the museum . It's worth seeing . You can go to the square some other time . ", 'He paused before stepping out onto the roof , a look of horror on his face . ', "When I received the news that my in-laws had passed away.  I depended heavily on them for their guidance and the running of their daughter's buisness.", ' Please explain because it makes no sense to me . How can a girl ’ s routine be so complicated ? You get up , you shower , you get dressed , you brush your teeth , you ’ re out the door . Half an hour , tops . ', 'There were amused smiles , but they did not know at all why Alain had done that . ', 'On my second plane trip, we ran into unexpected turbulence.', " I'm standing in front of an exquisite work of art ! ", ' It ’ s true . Michelle is a lot like Henry in so many ways . And she is shy with new people just like he is . ', 'JOHN SMITH , understandably , is boiling with anger at the Tory refusal to recall Parliament . ', "Francis was not totally disconsolate and added : ` The way our fans came behind us is the best I 've ever heard it here , and I hope it continues . ", " You're lucky ! ", 'After making an effort to enter at University I found a course and a school of higher education which were compatible with my experience and potentiality.', " Look behind us at the mountains ! They're reflecting pink ! ", 'I felt quite depressed about it . " ', " You're welcome . Did you have a good time on this vacation ? ", ' I hope so . ', "I'm so angry at Bob for buying a new bike . ", ' Feed them ? ', 'When my grandfather died.', ' Is it ? ', 'I share my small flat with my friend. On her birthday we could not see each other until evening because we had to stay at the University all day. In the evening I left a lecture before it finished to be able to buy flowers for her. When I was at home she called me to tell me that she would stay the night with her boyfriend.', ' I hope so . ', 'My child, unexpectedly started acting in a restless and disturbing way at school.  In addition his performance at school weakened.', 'I suddenly found that those whom I considered to be my good friends did not care for me.  Although I could still be with them I felt unimportant.  I deeply thought about the reason behind this so as to see who was responsible for this.  Finally I made up my mind and decided not to expect too much from them.  I was sad when I decided that they were no longer my good friends.', "City fans are still livid over the clash with Bull that led to skipper Steve Walsh 's sending off in the 3-0 defeat at Molineux three weeks ago . ", 'Talking with a nice girl.', ' Congratulations , I hope everything works out . ', 'I suffered from a gynaecological illness. I was quite displeased to hear that my roommates had talked about it and they had misrepresented the truth. I felt deeply hurt when I learned that it was done by a \\good\\" acquaintance of mine."', ' Really ? ', '@DaveWright70 @rmmanson @GabBurnsSmith @fraudsterboosh bob, would not like to be on your head come Saturday morning ! ', 'When  fell in love with my present girlfriend.', " Well , I do feel quite down because I am going to miss Japan after being here for 9 months , in Japan . I am going to miss it so much , cause I've had a great time here . ", 'Some grandparents have the sadness of losing rather than gaining grandchildren . ', 'My friend had organized a birthday party for me secretly, I was very happy not so much for the presents but because they seemed to care for me.', 'When I began dansing, the teacher came and told me that I was very good and would soon get into the ballet academy. ', ' That ’ s fine . ', ' Well , on Saturday I cleaned the house and played tennis . Then on Sunday I hiked in the country . ', "I was informed by my flatmate that, when we'd moved into our flat, she'd expected us to buy our food separetely - this event actually happened some 5 months after our sharing began. Prior to this, she had said nothing.", ' Yes.My face even ached in the icy wind . ', " Oh , hi ! I'm Barbara Johnson . Nice to meet you . ", ' Sorry , I dialed the wrong number . ', 'That afternoon I received two messages informing me, one that my brother was in a coma in the U.T.H suffering (kidney disease) and two, that my uncle met with an accident on his way to the hospital  to see my brother.', ' I Believe I will . Look for me near the lake . ', "I had stayed for months without seeing mother because our holidays were short and my home is far. Some times, mother came to see me at school, I was very joyful, and I didn't want her to go.", 'After you . ', ' Weight ? ', 'Emily , what kind of report is this ? ', 'To her annoyance a warm blush was steadily creeping into her cheeks . ', 'Physical violence. A friend wouldn\'t listen to me I repeatedly tried to warn him, to no avail. Result: eight people were \\pissed off\\"."', 'Once I had to go home on foot at 5 a.m. I had to pass through a forest and I was going alone.', ' Leave me alone ! ', "I know I'm a blabbermouth , but what do you think she should do , John ? ", 'He had seen beyond the excitement of being approached for his first book ; he already visualised it on the bookshelves ! ', 'A close friend of mine was to get married in a weeks time when her father died of a heart-attack.  I knew him well and felt bad on hearing of his death.', 'I was approaching my exam time and my books got stolen.  I was in a panic as I thought that I would not do well enough to be considered for the economics quota.  I cried a lot but that did not help and as the exam day came near a strange fear gripped me.', ' How come ? ', 'One day a fierce looking man came to our house  and said that my father should apologize to him, however I was alone at home.', 'My father died unexpectedly at the age of 53 years. He certainly would have liked to live longer. I was also said because I was confronted with the fact that I would die one day too.', 'When I left after the examination to enter the University, and even though I had studied the whole year I made a bad exam. ', 'They all seem terribly sad . ', 'Someone who was speeding was forced to slow down when I pulled out onto the road and proceeded to abuse me at the next set of traffic lights.', 'Getting the top price in the football pools.', '2)March 2009,the market said : the opportunity was there,but COURAGE was missing. The factor was too strong', 'Night tweeps!! If you think the worst is over... wait for the exam results.. #Exams #AHSJuniorsExams', 'Staying alone in a dark place.', 'Some colleagues decided to go out on a Saturday not inviting me to decide either the place nor the time.', ' Good idea . Can I bring some music from that period too ? ', ' Was he upset when you told him you had to leave this weekend ? ', ' Yes . ', ' All right ', 'When I saw that I had passed an exam.  It was the last chance and there was a lot at stake.', 'Day before yesterday my mother bought me a new pair of shoes, without my having asked for them.  She told me that when she saw the pair of shoes she felt like buying them for me.  I really liked the shoes and they made me feel that my mother cares for me.', ' Thanks . ', "Uh-oh . I'm in trouble . ", " I can't believe they would play so good . ", 'When my affairs with the girl I love settled positively.', '` They take young grandpas , " said Linda , amazed and overjoyed he \'d had the idea for himself and still not able to get over her daughter \'s news . ', ' Really ? ', ' No problem . ', "I'm glad when I have good relations with my colleagues and most of all when we are at a party.", 'I was in a restaurant with my boyfriend when I saw my best female friend after not seeing her for two weeks.  We rejoyced, hugged and had a long talk.', "And I 'm really excited about it and there 's lots of interest , I think this places are taken up already . ", '   Infiltration in our lives. The illusion of so we accept their political Solutions.', 'When I got my drivers licence.', " oh , steve . Stop it ! I am a bit nervous ! What if he doesn't call ? ", 'Harry was a little worried to see the water supply diminishing so rapidly but was pleased that Lucy was enjoying herself . ', 'When a close friend died.', 'When  first came to CAL I went to a rally on Sproul and I later learned that the rally was conducted by the Moonie cult. They were taking pictures at the rally, so I was afraid that they would circulate the pictures and then kidnap people. I did not know how the cult worked. I was scared.', 'When I realized that we are living on borrowed time, and that the nuclear holocaust appears to come closer every day.', 'At an undeserved attitude toward a man, when human personality is not treated decently.', "What's new ? ", 'I do not recall being scared in the near past.', ' Well , you certainly match those criteria , but they ’ re so broad they could apply to anyone . What does it say about me ? ', 'After a busy day I went back to my hostel.  I closed the door and had a drink, then I read my favourite book on the bed.  Suddenly I felt peace and joy.', 'When I found out that my sister had been playing with my confidential things which she had taken from my hand-bag.', 'When my cousin passed away during the holidays at home.  He fell ill at night and the next day he died in the evening.', 'I had a quarrel with my father, because I was of the opinion that he decided in an authoritarian way which TV program we should watch. I became very angry and started throwing things through the room.', 'My brother had bowel obstruction, having heard that he was going for surgery, I was afraid he might not come back to life after hearing of the General Anaesthesia.', 'I am having a hard time at my job . ', ' Because I feel tired all the time , even when I wake up in the morning . I find it very difficult to do any work . I have no appetite . ', ' What ? ', "Not walkin up stairs because you're afraid to trip going up.. ", 'A boy I had been admiring so much asked me to go out with him.', 'When I was selected at TISS X.', "I'm so angry . I feel like killing someone . ", "@AaronCurry51  tells us that we've sacrificed more than others. tells us it's time 2 worry about the future. &#xA;&#xA;Luke 9:3", 'George drove past and felt a terrible anger replace his elation . ', '@inrepose Could you give me url for live stream? ', 'He shook his head , exasperated and cynical . ', 'The night before my wife had given birth to our twins. I felt fear in the hospital yard, I feared if everything was going to be in order.', " I'd be delighted to , John . Saturday did you say ? ", 'She was interrupted by another hoarse , gleeful chuckle . ', ' Could you move smoothly ? ', 'He was gleeful about the idea of a Faber ` Vaudeville " production in 1929 where he starred as a baritone singing Bolovian Ballads and a song about a blue baboon . ', "When I was about to be bitten by my friend's dog, later on it bit me.", ' Oh . ', 'Finding out my best friend cannot go to the English lectures.', 'When I failed one of my courses at school - the university of Zambia.', ' OK . ', 'A whole crowd of us went to a folklore festival. The instructor of the cast where my boyfriend played was traveling with us. We decided to catch the train that leaved early in the morning because we had business on the following day. The instructor tried to get the upper hand and made us catch the train in spite of everything, all the time he made me angry.', 'My best friend was not chosen for the English lectures.', "getting high to balance out the lows . don't be scared of me ", ' Yes , you have many opportunities to grow in this company as long as you do well . ', ' What is it ? ', 'At the funeral of a friend about 20 years old, who was killed in a hit-and-run motorcycle accident.', 'She cackled , delighted with the queasy mixture on the plate , hot brown coffee lapping at the pale wedge of sugared pastry . ', "look, if we can't make the occasional crass sexual joke about serious protests, the terrorists have already won. ", "My guinea-pig had been ill for a couple of days.  One evening, when I came home I enquired as to how it was doing.  My mother's expression told me that it had died.  My knees refused to support me and I began to weep convulsively.", 'There is nothing new in the experts spreading unwarranted alarm and despondency . ', ' Oh , don ’ t talk to me about last night ! It was the most awful evening I ’ Ve ever had . ', 'I feel dreadful, though not as dreadful as my married colleague who spent the evening rubbing the crotches of men in the office.  ', 'The veterans have become increasingly alarmed at the incidence of illness -- especially cancers amongst the 20,000 who were present at the tests . ', " Well , you guys worked hard for it . It's really beautiful . ", "When I was 9 years old, I got a cat, but after 3 days he died. I was very sad, because I had nursed him and taken him to the veterinary's - but in vain. Although I had had him only for a short time I had liked him very much.", "Advertisers said they were delighted to see many of their proposals reflected in the Government 's approach . ", 'But Matta was gazing at him , and his grin was wider , more gleeful . ', 'I love that... I love today ', 'During the Christmas holidays, I met some of my old friends, after not having seen them for six months.', 'One evening, in the tramway, I was afraid of two drunk men molesting my girlfriend and me.', " Yes , I know , sir . I'm sorry . ", 'This summer I got into a fight with one of our patrons (at a theatre). He hit me and I hit him and her friend, he hit my friend and we all hit eachother.', 'Seb reached Burford in a state of high excitement only to find that Superintending Constable Aplin was in London . ', ' You just can ’ t imagine ! I waited for the first bus but it was too full , so I waited for the second , and it was still very crowded . Then I decided not to wait for the next one , and got on the second bus . It was so full that I had to stand on one foot ! No kidding ! ', 'Benjamin nodded and stared where an ostler was trying to calm an excited horse . ', 'During a football game I made an offence towards an acquaintance. Later on this acquaintance also tackeled me and the game became very rude.', ' I ’ m sorry , Mr . Baker ’ s not in . May I take your message ? ', ' You ’ re right . I would have to travel to the city at least once a week to go shopping and see friends . I would hate living in the country ! ', 'I felt angry when I was told that I had not been selected to go to the University.', 'Sitting at FSU, just chilling with friends. Still waiting to get acceptance letters from the colleges I applied too.  ', 'When my first love was not successful.', 'One evening when my sisters, brothers and I were watching T.V my kid brother took a big mirror and reflected light on the french windows.  I thought that these lights that we could see were coming from torches annd that it meant that there were thieves outside.', 'I think they call this... um... Venting ', 'He turned to see four alarmed faces and the atmosphere was thick with unanswered questions as he walked out . ', 'This sucks . I hate buying lingerie . Okay , just find something and get out of here . Alright , these are fine . Oh , no , don ’ t come over here , don ’ t come over here . ', "Crip Walk-Off?  RT @Christinerphant ECS Pre-party, I'm nervous for my digestive organs. @LoAlex2, @starallo, @jmayshar", 'Before Christmas I got to know a girl but our relationship could not consolidate before the holiday. Therefore it was a big surprise to get a carefully hand-made present from her. - Our relationship grew closer.', 'Aggie looked horrified as she caught sight of the horse dung on his hobnailed boots . ', 'So the company decided to cancel your trip to Hong Kong ? ', 'When my mother and father separated (it was a brief separation and they are together now).', ' Exactly . ', 'The children were watching TV peacefully , but Annie saw her as she bobbed her head around the door , gave a pleased gurgle and started to scramble down . ', 'It was at the time of my M.Sc exam, when I was not in a position to take the exam after having studied seriously.', " Tell me ! Tell me ! What's your secret ? ! ", 'When I watched the T.V programme called \\The living planet\\" and saw the far reaching environmental destruction caused by man."', ' I would think this was the least they could do . ', ' I hope that it is not a formal one when the boss is there . ', " I hate to tell you this , but it seems that every shred of evidence that would help us to convict were destroyed in a laboratory fire . There's nothing left . I'm so sorry ... ", 'The death of my guardian with whom I had stayed when I did my grade six.', ' do you have a copy of your family tree in your house ? I ’ d love to see it . ', ' Thank you . So what do you think ? Would we have a good time ? ', 'You \'re pleased about his engagement -- he told me that some time ago -- and you \'ve as good as admitted it tonight . " ', 'The organisation is glum about the social consequences for Europe . ', 'The birth of my child.', ' I was running around the track at my college and there she was walking around the same track . ', ' See you . ', 'When my mother threatened me with thrushing me of the stairs, when I once more should make a comment.', ' See you . ', ' That ’ s fantastic . Thank you . ', "Once a friend had pushed me and I had fallen on to a window which then broke.  I was taken to tthe principal's office and he accused me of having broken the window.", 'Losing my girlfriend who made an end to our relationship. By this I lost an important source of support, certainty and joyful moments. I cried very intensly when that happened.', 'So as to be closer to the university I have left home and moved into Auckland. It now seems as if I have left home - especially my family - forever.', 'A meeting with the family and the friends I felt dear and loved, sharing the gladness of being together at a birthday.', " I've told him how to do that several times , but he's never listened to me . ", 'While watching TV (a war movie), I felt a strong fear of death, threat and fear of loosing people close to me.', ' never . ', " Didn't I ? ", " I do.We haven't watered them for quite a few days . ", 'One of my fellow students had bunked field work and in my attempt to cover up for him I myself was exposed, though not directly.  We were to meet our field work supervisor and we were afraid of the consequences.', " Sorry , I don't smoke . ", 'Whenever I read or think about the way people treat animals and nature.', 'Yet she still finds herself full of frustration and anger towards him . ', "Lady Cross 's family was too grief-stricken to attend the trial . ", 'A horse which I had liked very much was taken away.', 'Not getting a job.', 'My boyfriend made me a proposal.', ' I believe such things won ’ t be realized , just daydreaming . ', ' Well , thanks for the suggestions . ', ' Never mind . ', " I don't need your help , jerk . ", 'When I was teased by my friend for not scoring good marks in the exams.', 'She supposed she ought to feel apprehensive , but she felt only deep delight , and it seemed the most natural thing in the world to be making her way through the moonlight to Raynor . ', "When thieves broke into our neighbour's house and later we heard gunshots.", 'Our only elder sister got married and started having pains in her abdomen and she was told that she could not have children. To our suprise she had a baby 2 months back.', 'Thora is a strong supporter of Help The Aged , and highly indignant that older people are often treated differently the moment they become pensioners . ', ' what gift ? ', ' And . ', 'Some foreign students playing loud music before the biology exam.', " I hope so . I'm looking for some material for a paper I'm writing , and I'm not quite sure where to look . ", ' What face ? ', "I received the message that I'd been accepted at the school where I really wanted to go.", " And you didn't think to leave them my cell phone ? ", ' Nothing . I just feel very lonely in this city . I miss my family . ', 'When I was bringing in the shopping and nearly stood on a snake.', "Maria 's ( 3.5 years ) parents were concerned because of her severe headbanging at home . ", 'Insulted by disgusting people.', "My grandmother's brother had taken active part in the resistance movement. He had been in prison many times and there he lost his health. He became an invalid. When we phoned to First Aid the nurse on duty behaved quite unkindly when she understood how old he was (79).", " I'm afraid you can't . ", 'George felt anxious that he had had no opportunity to be alone with Tamar , and so there had been no chance of warning her about the groom . ', " To tell you the truth , I'm really nervous . I had a dream last night that I was being interviewed by a three-headed monster that kept trying to bite my head off . Oh , wow , my palms are sweaty just thinking about it . I just hope Ms . Mendoza won't be able to hear my teeth chattering . I just hope I get through this in one piece . ", 'What did you say ? ', 'I was in a camp and went out for a walk at night on my own.  I lost  my way and spent several hours looking for the camp.', ' In the evening , we just sit and talk over dinner . But on the weekend , we try to go out to the beach or hit a nice restaurant , or go to a nice cafe . ', ' My exam . ', 'Almost crashing my car, something which could have led to great problems.', ' Don ’ t touch that thermostat ! You don ’ t pay the bills around here ! ', 'Dan , Dan , dude . You have to come over to my house right now ! ', ' No . ', 'Relating to my closest family.', ' Billy ... ', " I have already known that . I didn't get the scholarship , right ? ", ' What is it ? ', ' My advisor ? ', 'I was with my boyfriend forgetting that I had left the house unlocked. Unfortunatly a thief came and stole all the kitchen utensils. Thereafter I was afraid of the consequences.', ' Don ’ t ever mention him . I ’ m getting over it . ', 'I got lost in a foreign town. I did not know the language of that country and it took me hours to meet my friends again.', ' Two weeks ', 'Not winning a medal in the swimming contest.', ' Sounds great to me ! If they are willing , we could ask them to go dancing with us.That is excellent exercise and fun , too . ', 'The three of them started walking , followed by the excited crowd . ', 'How about going to hear a country-and-western singer tonight ? ', 'Waiting for my marks in a difficult subject.', ' My pleasure . ', ' You can ’ t take me to jail ! What about my sleigh ? It ’ s Christmas Eve ! I have presents to deliver ! Rudolph ! Prancer ! Dancer ! Get help ! ', ' Bye-bye . ', 'When I was notified that I had been accepted as a Psychology student.', ' Paranoid ? I ’ m not paranoid ! I ’ m cautious ! You see Dan , we have to be on guard at all time ! People just invade your privacy as if they knew you ! Telemarketers , solicitors , even your bank ! They have way too much information ! I like to keep everything on a need to know basis . ', 'I suffer form a disease of my muscles. However, I cannot talk about it and my feelings, the consequence with my parents. They try to repress it.', 'My favourite horse died. We had tried our best to save him, but it was hopeless, he had to be shot.', 'The  will be  into   and it will keep on saying, Is there any  A muslim hell fire.', ' what is it ? ', "The London Irish Women 's Centre are pleased to announce that the Irish language classes for adults will continue with Siobhan Ni Neill on Fridays from 10.30 am to 12.30 starting on Feb 7 . ", ' How do you know that I didn ’ t try ? I just couldn ’ t manage it . ', 'I was watching television. It was about midnight when a very dear friend called saying that his father had died in an accident.', "I 'm absolutely delighted that we achieved what we set out to do at the beginning of the week , which was to ensure that the Ryder Cup stayed on this side of the Atlantic . ", "I get lightheaded whenever they show surgical procedures on TV, my knees start to hurt, eyes squint, stomach turns, I'm such a pussy. ", ' I drew a blank on the algebra test . ', 'The time I was threatened with expulsion from secondary school (form four).', " It's unfair . ", 'I wrote a difficult Exam at one time while in my Secodary School. When the results were announced on the radio, I came second out of 80 students hence I felt joy.', " It's the holidays ! Everybody knows how hard it is to get tickets ! ", ' Yes . ', ' I don ’ t slurp my coffee . And plus , how can you hear it when you ’ re shouting into your phone all the time ? ', ' Sure . ', " That ’ s bogus . I don't feel any stress at work , and my love life is practically nonexistent . This zodiac stuff is all a bunch of nonsense . ", 'Hello ? ', "Sadness - this is an emotion which I have felt very often recently. I can't remember a concrete example. I will describe my general impression from severl situations which evoked this feeling in me.", "When a good friend with whom I had an intimate relationship made clear that he didn't want to continue in the same way. He choose his girlfriend (also a friend of mine).", '` Give over , will yer , " pleaded the disconsolate convener , slapping jam on his butty . ', "When I was faced with writing an essay and I didn't want to do it I was angry that I had to write an essay and angry at myself for not having the time to write a good essay.", 'A Maori language oral test, yeaterday - Although I had studied intensely - once in the examiners room \\I blew it\\" -  I was so nervous I couldn\'t reply easily - It was very important, but I got only blankness."', 'The same as for SHAME and DISGUST. I was asked to resign my sorority which I did because I was ashamed.', ' OK . ', ' It is depressing to hear the price goes higher and higher . ', " No , I don't . I just don't know how to handle this . This is my first time , you know . ", 'When, after a week at school, a teacher sent a note home saying that my son was inattentive and unable to do his lessons.', '` Those poor little girls must be frightened out of their minds ! ', ' Why ? ', ' Wait a sec . ', 'When my friend promised that she would come to my place, and did not turn up - I was annoyed at her.', 'Expressing his delight at being appointed , he said : ` This is the one job I had hoped for . " ', " It's fun . ", 'Getting a phone call from a very old friend.', 'During the Xmas holiday, I and my best friend at Secondary School had planned to meet at a Cultural afternoon at the Mt. Soche Hotel after missing each other for such a long time. When I asked my mother for permission, she told me not to go for no good reason. I felt very angry with her.', ' Sure . So what about you ? Do you have any hobbies ? ', 'Nails became miserable with anxiety . ', " I'm tired of your cut-and-dried opinions . Who do you think you are ! ", 'When I realized that it was impossible for me to be as free as I had imagined and that I could not do anything about it.', 'My last genetics midterm - a decent grade.', " I'm worried that everything will be chaotic ! ", ' I don ’ t think you ’ re right there . ', 'Finding out that a boy I do not like is in love with me.', 'Women traditionally show their grief more than men . ', ' What is it ? ', 'John Parsons in Nice is saddened to see the former world No 1 humbled in another comeback attempt at the age of 35 ', ' Yes . ', '` How pleased your uncle will be , " said Finn , loitering for hot shaving water . ', ' I hope so . ', 'When I met my girlfriend - I had not counted on that.', 'I do feel like a trip to Florida on such a gloomy day in New York , to enjoy the sunshine while lying on the beaches of Florida . ', ' With everything , with everybody , with all this ! ', 'The first day that I was close to a dead body, in my third year at university, school of medicine.', 'The Oracle clearly becomes very anxious about this and demands to know their business . ', 'Ah ! No ! Damn it ! ', ' Why ? ', 'And even those could be put down to excessive grief at the loss of his wife . ', ' Why ? ', ' I understand , sir . I ’ ll bring a doctor ’ s note in tomorrow . I am sorry , Mr . Douglas . ', "I'm back . ", ' So am I going to see you at the party ? ', 'I was nearly knocked down while I was cycling.', " If you ask me , it's a walking invitation ! ", 'Got through first semester University.', ' China . ', 'When I got the midterm exam results, the results were below average and were near the lowest.  I was scared of the final exam.', 'Felt sad about some street kids in QUEII square, Aotea square. Because they had been sniffing glue and some were very young. I went into the role of a performing clown.', ' Why not ? ', ' Exactly ! ', 'I had not eaten anything for 2 days to be able to pay the fine for my fiancT. But he stayed in another town and spent one thousand shillings in the restaurant during the same time.', ' All right . ', 'She nearly gasped with dismay at the shock that shivered down into her tummy . ', 'Alone in the house (late 8pm) I heard noises. Sounded like someone was trying to get in our back door.', ' Not much . ', 'Last night Mr Smith said : ` We are mad with this programme , and especially with Barth . ', 'The grand old man of the Scottish mountains , author and TV star Tom Weir , said he was sad about the plan . ', "In the house where I live there is a new flatmate. His friends unfortunately are the dirt of society, intelligent, fashionable, rich and bored. At a party recently they were doing things I didn't like done in my house. I felt angry at them.", ' We should come here more often . ', "You didn't show up to my performance last night ! Some kind of friend you are ! ", 'When my friends tried to discriminate against my friendship with certain other friends which they thought was improper.', 'The housing council asked the city to cut 40 linden trees so that the inhabitants of the lower floors would have a view to the sea.', 'He was a professional musician now , still sensitive and happy doing something he loved . ', ' I enjoy oil painting . I learned it in one of my extra classes in college . ', 'I am one of four directors of a company. We inherited land held by our family - ours is the 5th generation. A democratic decision was made to stop and close an area of mangroves."', ' Yeah . I heard a lot about it . Is it really that fun ? ', " I had the same feeling when I first came to work here . but after a period of time , I feel better , I am sure you ' ll get used to this busy job . ", 'My mother was ill and my father was not at home.', '@LaterAllieGator fear comes when you project scenarios into the future, live here and abide in the unfolding present moment  ', 'When my daughter gave her solo dance performance in Poona and there was a big applause, I was overjoyed.', 'If you  someone tell him or her. Forget about the rules or the of looking ridiculous.', 'He looked very sad . ', ' You ’ re unbearable ; you can walk home , I ’ m leaving . ', ' Thanks . I just got back from summer camp . ', ' Is it the same in Korea ? ', 'When I was ill and had to stay at the hospital for a period of time.  ', 'When I qualified for form I.  I was one of the three pupils who qualified for form I that year.', ' sometimes it is . But after working for a few weeks , it ’ s easy to figure out . ', 'When I went to see the result of an exam and saw that I had failed.', 'I was sleeping in my room but woke in the middle of the night to think I could hear noises and see shadows moving. I felt that someone was in the house.', 'Not doing well in an exam.', 'When I was cycling past a parked car someone opened the door and nearly pushed me off my bike and into the traffic.', " It is a long story . Basically , she thought I had laughed at her while I didn't . ", 'For a girl brought up in a Christian Science home there was a certain frightening kind of excitement about medicine , like drink for a teetotaller ; but otherwise she found the work harrowing and repellent . ', ' I will . ', " I don't think that I ever heard of that rule before . Any more rules that you would like to tell me about ? ", 'When I had a serious argument with a dear person.', ' All right , see you later . ', 'When I was accepted for my third year (G-10) at my former secondary school.', ' I got sacked today . ', " I apologize , and I'll make sure he doesn't do that again . ", " I don't understand of myself . It seems they have to save money . ", 'The dog seems anxious to get the harness on ; indeed , all through the trip the dogs are always keen to pull and seem miserable when they are tied off for the night . ', 'When I was attending an authorized demonstration and the police rushed brutally at the demonstrators, without any warning.', 'I felt angry when my mother-in-law did not handle my daughter properly and she fell down from the bed and hurt her head.', ' Sorry to hear that , I was really looking forward to spending some more time with you , I really enjoyed our last chat . ', ' Anyway , it ’ s just a theory . Why do people go around touting theories ? Where ’ s the scientific rigor in that ? ', " Yes , I can't sleep well every night . ", 'Woke up to an open closet door...& #monsters D:', ' Thank you . I begin to like English even when I was a child . ', 'I felt indignant at this casual assumption . ', 'A good friend quitted me after he had behaved in a strange manner.', 'She was pleased at how low her voice was , how steady . ', 'The impact had caused it to buck like a frightened horse . ', ' Great . ', 'I received an unexpected B+ on an engineering midterm. I did not study nearly as much as I should have and it was a difficult test.', 'I met a dear friend of mine after a long time.  I expressed my feelings in our own usual way, by mutual scolding and abusing (with complete understanding) and by touching, patting and taking the hand of the other person, etc...', ' I was in a comfortable place , so really , it ’ s no problem . I am happy to see you . Did the rain hold you up long ? ', ' sure . ', 'From the fact that my husband and I are not in good terms.', 'I feel anger when I see a \\parent\\" beating and punishing his child in the street. Recently I was a witness of a similar case."', 'dear  pls watch the  game tonight and stare @ every Caps players like the time u froze your food by just staring #NHL', ' Ok . ', 'When I almost walked on a snake.', ' Sorry , sir . The prices here are all fixed . ', "I 'm delighted that you 've been able to come along at such short notice . ", 'Have we met ? ', ' Fine . ', "He 's just happy to get on with it . ", 'Suddenly found out that I was the lasr one to leave the anatomy room.', ' Who knows ! ', 'When I was selected to the university of Zambia.', ' What ? ', 'I am pleased that they have responded very positively . ', '` He was depressed and has suffered a great deal of mental anguish . " ', " it's ok . It seems we have a lot in common . ", 'I was so sad when I heard that my Uncle had passed away. He was the only man who was supporting my parents as well as myself.', ' I wish everything in life was so simple . Thank you . ', "I feel like going for a drink , it's been a long day . ", 'South Korea cheating for gold medals.', 'Many of the latecomers , especially as the afternoon wore on , were furious to find the doors locked , not having heard of the noon closure and so thinking they had all day . ', 'I enjoyed his excitement with politics . ', 'When I was admitted to the University.', 'Hello ? ', ' Good idea . ', ' Really ? ', 'We are very concerned to learn of any shortfall in standards and this is why we want to hear from you if you encounter any problems . ', ' He is cute.What dose he do ? ', 'I was very sad when I had to leave persons with whom I had a very intense relationship I also had to leave the environment which was part of this.', "Tonight I had the most terrifying experience doing laundry. So terrible I'm not going to do it. I literally feel like a crazy person. ", "` Money is my motivation , but what keeps me at the top is that I 'm petrified of losing . ", "She said : ` Don't be cross with them . ", ' Yes . How about you ? ', 'Tenn and Ole Miss declined to play SC next year. ', ' It sure is.He has no one to turn to , very miserable indeed . ', "Members requested the committee 's sorrow that the work had begun without permission should be passed on to the county council . ", 'When my husband and I spent a night by ourselves in a house which was in an area on the outskirts of a large town with which we were  not familiar.  We  heard strange noises outside the house and the  house had glass walls so the whole thing was even more frightening.', 'A time when, as part of my work, I was sent out actually sort of volunteered to run an errand for someone who had no authority to send me out and the address was very far especially on foot and turned out to be incorrect too. The whole trip was a waste.', " No , I ’ m sorry . I'm going to meet some friends tomorrow evening . And I'm in a hurry now . ", ' It is such a nice place . ', 'When I was travelling home by bus and suddenly the bus hit and the bus leaned against a wall.', " It's leap my mind . I really feel terrible about it . ", ' OK , they begin to register . ', 'She is furious at the betrayal ; and supporters of the sacked prime minister , Nawaz Sharif , have resorted to fisticuffs . ', 'I felt sad when my first boyfriend and I left each other. It was neither his fault nor mine.', " I'll tell you all about it another day . ", ' Please accept my deep apology . ', 'The weather in Beijing is just beautiful ! ', 'When I saw a large spider crawling up the wall.', ' Well , children usually resemble their parents . ', " do me a favor , and take a taxi . It'd make me feel a lot better . ", "I can't stand the stupid guy any longer.It ' s unbelievable ! ", 'An old woman was violently thrown down the stairs of the tube by a group of louts.', 'One night I had to bike home all alone after a party. Then I found out that I was pursued by a man in a car.', 'Why are you shivering ? ', 'When I heard that a close relative of mine had given birth at a very young age, in a very remote area and had had very few problems.', 'One day I went to the cinema to see a film in which I was interested.  On arriving there I saw a long queue (which I had not expected) and went back home without seeing the film.', 'A man was yelling outside my window at 3.00 am, yelling threats, though not to me.', 'Back in his office , McCready threw himself into his chair in deep dejection . ', 'I was walking down a road and suddenly a few dogs appeared at a fence and started barking angrily.  They were jumping and it seemed that they would come for me any time.', 'When one day nobody could rouse him from his trailer , it was Lee Marvin who entered quietly and found a sombre , lonely , sad man . ', 'Landlords were not pleased to find that their apartment blocks had overnight become the property of the tenants . ', ' What is it ? ', '\\Boy, you have been admitted to the medicine school and your uncle is coming back fron Canada next week,\\" my father told me and it was a happy moment."', ' Why not ? ', 'Telling my parents that I did not well in an exam.', 'The Chinese president was said to be miffed when the administration refused his request for a state visit at the White House , complete with star-spangled welcoming ceremonies and a black-tie dinner .', 'I received a phone call from a high school friend whose younger sister studied with me at the University and gave me a lift every morning. She was going to get married to a guy whom I knew too and who had died when he fell from a building, I was afraid to lose somebody since I had already lost a brother in an accident.', " He is not answering . You'd better check his pulse and breathing . ", 'When I was selected to come here.', 'I felt joy when I passed my Malawi School Certificate of Education.', ' Yes . ', 'I felt very sad when my son died after a short illness.', ' Fine . ', ' Yeah ! Where there is a will , there is a way . ', 'Finding out I am not good looking.', 'My father promoted to be a professor.', ' Did it ? ', "He tells us that we've sacrificed more than others. tells us it's time 2 worry about the future. &#xA;&#xA;Luke 9:3", 'I was almost caught in the girls hostel by the security men, I would have been expelled from school had I been caught.', 'Come on in . I am so glad you are here . We have been expecting you . ', 'It is things like that which are really destructive to writers , who are often brave about illness and pain , and resilient after all but the deepest grief . ', 'I was fearful when I realised that the relish was overcooked simply because I was not keen enough at checking whether there was still enough water in the relish or not, instead I was just playing with my friends.', ' Just get over here ! ', "Ahaha!! I don't talk TOO much just Dominate!!  @MrFranklin101: WE READY!! @OctaviusJRum @michielthomas : the Capricorn @Jamizzi  quiet ", 'We are through . ', ' Is there something any need ? ', ' There is a coffee shop round the corner . Can you see that big building at the end of the road ? ', "Fuck all of y'all we ignore feelings here ", ' Ha , yes , brilliant ! ', "I didn't get the job I wanted.", "I'm frustrated . ", " Okay , I'll sign you up . ", 'A child, 9 years old, died in a stupid way.  He fell from a place which was 1 metre high.', 'The anguished princess , says Morton , told one friend : ` If this is the price of public life then it is a price I am no longer willing to pay . " ', 'I \'m always happy when I \'m wearing trousers and a jacket that covers my bum ! " ', 'While playing a ball game, I was just about to make a goal when I was thrown off my feet, and I failed to score the goal.', ' Sounds hard . ', '@brandonw92 Oi Xmas hold surely we b2b [rec] and [rec]2  #usingcorrectpunctuationfordramatic effect', "When I saw a good male friend unexpectedly after a year, as I've just returned from overseas. I was feeling tired, looking a mess, and nervous.", 'Last night, I dreamt that things that looked like monsters were trying to kiss me.', 'Several years ago my brother died in an accident. When I heard about it, I was very sad. It took years until I resigned myself to it.', "@ChuckTaylor18 @JonnyQuest23 going to see a friend's band play tonight in Midland.  #Hypakritz #tequila #tokillya", "Being stopped by the police for a traffic offence which I don't think I committed.", ' Why ? ', 'Failing an examination.', "@KILLSTEENKILL Thanks 4 all the hard work. Can't wait 2 rewatch on dvd when available.", " I really don't want to know about this . Physics gives me a headache . ", 'One day in a crossroad somebody crashed my car. I got out and this person laughed at me. I felt such a great anger that I got in my car and went away.', 'She still , after all these years , did not know , and one hand clenched in involuntary anguish at what she thought of as her intolerable betrayal of her brother . ', 'Got in touch with earlier friends after a long absence.', ' Well , that sounds like it would be OK . Just be careful . ', 'Mrs Friar looked offended but continued . ', 'One time I was injured when I was playing football at School in Blantyre. I was brought to the hospital while my leg was totally swollen. The x-rays confirmed there was no fracture but collection of blood n the muscles. I feared when they started to incise the swollen part with surgical blade.', 'Had a nice letter from my close friend.', ' That ’ s so unfair ! ', 'He was petrified of the clippers at first . ', "`` We feel at this point actually quite exhilarated , '' said Nicola McIntyre of San Francisco .", "I was told by a good friend that we couldn't be friends any more because of his relationship with another girl.", "Israel is also miffed by Kohl 's plan to visit the walled Old City of east Jerusalem without Mayor Ehud Olmert .", 'You are afraid and full of excitement at thoughts of what you might find . ', 'During labour when the foetal sounds became faint and there was a big alert for a forceps delivery.', "So we 're quite excited about it and also it 's quite a major problem . ", 'After seeing a horror film - Omen.  I could not sleep at night  even though I closed my eyes.  The last scene of the film kept coming back to me, I seemed to hear the girls in the film shouting at the devil.  The devil did not have any expression on his face and I thought that he would choose me.', 'My grandfather died, I went to the mortuary and saw the corpse.', 'I feel anger when somebody forbids me to do something.', ' Yes , I do . ', 'I was alone walking in a deserted part of the city and I had some fear that some men would attack me and rob me.', 'Just like trippers heading for the Isle of Wight , they had packed their picnic baskets and sat chatting on deck as their excited children played . ', ' No problem , what class would you like to take ? ', 'A younger brother of a good friend of mine died (asthma).', ' Yes ? ', 'I was angry at my boyfriend who had promised to come to see me but did not because he spent the evening with his pals.', 'When they told me that I had been admitted to the faculty of medicine.', 'Finding out in your lecture that a doctor can make misdiagnoses because of ignorance in neuropsychology.', ' I hope so . ', 'When I entered University.', 'When someone close to me is travelling by car and is delayed.', ' I ’ Ve got some bad news . All the plans sent over to the McGrath Corporation have been rejected . We ’ re going to have to start from scratch . ', 'I was scolded by my mother for no reason.', "I can see you 're pleased with yourself ` ", ' Oh , shut up about ties ! Forget about ties , why not ? ', ' Really ? How long have you been playing the violin ? ', 'The day I received the key of my apartment and we could enter in it, for my fianceand I had bought it yet in plans, and it seemed to us that this was almost impossible to happen.', 'When another fellow worker decided to leave the company. We had been very close and we would not be able to work with eachother any longer.', "When I attended my cousin's 31st birthday.", 'Death of grandmother.', 'When I was admitted to the Higher Institute.', 'On the scenic railway at the fairground.', 'When the parents of my girlfriend gave permission to spend our holiday together.', " That's my favorite . ", 'He gave one swift look at her horrified expression before continuing . ', ' All right . Say cheese ! ', 'When I almost drowned myself in the municipal swimming pool that I use to go almost not excaping.', 'The wind just sounded like a woman SCREAMING. #helterskelter', ' I mean it ’ s not his fault . ', 'When my uncle died.', ' Sure . Where shall I meet you ? ', ' I said sunny side up ! How many times do I have to tell you . ', "Looking up end-of-semester results, and finding I'd failed three out of seven (subjects).", ' Sorry , $ 14 is the lowest I can go . ', 'Do you want to go to the beach tonight ? ', 'Hearing my girlfriend accept my offer of marriage.', ' Thank you . ', ' He just stays in the kitchen and watches you . Before the Chinese New Year , the kitchen god tells his boss whether you were good or bad this year . Just like Lester does ! ', 'I feel so sad with Marie gone . ', 'My neighbour was not able to set his car in motion because it had snowed heavily. I helped him - he was thankful and invited me.', 'When I was walking down the street, some boys showed me a knife and stole all my money.', 'I turn and I see nobody but my shadow still keep my heart asking wTF. I just got paranoid over his own dark side!', 'When my studies are too demanding and I cannot cope with it.', 'Penelope Huntley sat silent through this speech , chain-smoking , her eyes downcast . ', 'When my B.A results had not come.', 'I could not find my monthly tickets for the bus when I was on the bus.', ' I was sick . ', 'He predicted ` deep dismay in Hong Kong , deepened only by the statement of the official Opposition . " ', 'I worked with several classmates on a project.  I was very anxious about the project while my partners showed no concern  and when we had meetings on the project my classmates  did not pay any attention.  Some of them read books while the others argued on irrelevant questions.  The meeting would go on for two hours without the main theme being discussed.  We wasted time and could not reach a compromise.  My classmates avoided doing the work and the responsibilities, they seemed to value other projects more than this one.', 'As Michael Codron told me : ` Ken remained very loyal to it , even though he was miserable about it . ', 'I finished the relationship with my boyfriend, after having felt myself very unhappy for a long time.', 'I  myself, by trying to clear the motivation of from my intentions and trust that #God is guiding me for his undefined #purpose', 'Saw my unfair report.', 'Obscene phone call where the person knew my name.', "I was accused of having done something, which I hadn't and got very angry.", "Mr Patten , however , is engaged in more than simply relieving his own exasperation at Beijing 's procrastination . ", '` We are at our wits ; end here " , say the airport management , ` and this has caused considerable upset and annoyance to the lady owning the number published " . ', ' Not now . ', "I'm sorry , sir . I'm going to have to ask you to leave . ", 'Even the Prince of Wales , depressed at the thought of the ordeal to come , cheered up at the sight of the food . ', ' What ’ s wrong ? I thought we agreed that you were gonna quit smoking . ', ' OK , Bond . ', ' I see . ', 'Often a dog which is treated very badly by his owner comes to us.', " Who's Brad ? ", 'Daisy leaned forward , at once horrified and fascinated . ', 'The begining of my relations with my current girlfriend.', 'I think its funny @ThatBoyDMcKee will call me bout the lakers but wont answer when we tryna hoop hmm ', 'McColgan , slumped in deep dejection , said afterwards : ` It was just a bad race on my part . ', "In the underground's escalator, a youngish bum asked me for money.  Although I did not give him anything, the fellow told me that I was really good-looking.  A man who was in front of me also turned to look at me.", " No , I Don't . Either I shape up or my job is on the line . ", 'When I was travelling by tram, I tripped and fell against the door.  I thought that I was going to fall out.', ' I don ’ t know anything about the bills or laws they ’ re trying to pass . ', 'Somehow she rose over her excitement , though , and concentrated all she could on the task at hand . ', "Feeling oddly bereft and desolate , besieged by Dolly 's incessant chatter , Luce was pleased to get back to the hotel . ", ' See you . ', 'Receiving a much wanted letter from a very good friend who lives abroad.', 'When I argue with my mother about the way she treats her two children differently.', " Oh , I'm afraid we've sold out of those . They were really popular . ", 'How does it make someone like a woman who has just had an abortion feel having to go to a lavatory to express her grief in tears ? ', 'It was a mixture of amusement and exasperation with her friend , with worry added . ', 'not afraid of tomorrow, for I have seen yesterday and I love today #less', ' Next june . ', ' Not funny . ', 'When my grandmother died.', ' My parents called . As usual , they reminded me again that I should have a plan to marry by my late 20s . Easier said then done . Who should I marry ? I have no time to go on a date . ', 'I got a fairly large amount of my taxes back.', 'When I saw the film \\Johnny got his gun\\" which deals with the consequences of the Vietnam war."', 'His amusement at the scene was rekindled . ', 'Her fingers tightened on his hands , hearing the anguish in his voice . ', 'When my older sister told us that she was thinking of joining the rest of the family for the winter sports holiday.', ' Yeah ? ', 'Why are you arresting me ? ', ' Oh yeah ? ', 'When I was dreaming that I was being chased, in the upmost of horror the door of the closed felt down synchronicaly with the dream scare.', "Day 2 of my brother's stay in emergency.  #whatstheanswer #pleasadmithim", ' They were supposed to , but so far nobody ’ s turned up , and I ’ m left on my own to do the work . This is the first break I ’ Ve had all day . ', " my boss has been breathing down my neck all day . I can't wait for the weekend ! ", '@darleeen23 everytime I come home from work at nite I sprint to the house. ', 'In a confrontation with a person, he provoked me several times till I reacted in an angry way.  Fortunately there were no disastrous consequences.', ' I can not stop coughing , and I can not stop sneezing . I vomited blood last night . Sorry , I am coughing again . ', 'In fact I expect he \'ll be mad I \'ve told you that much . " ', ' Is he ok ? ', " I'm sorry , I didn't mean to forget our wedding anniversary . ", 'When I saw that my bed at the hostel was a mess I guessed that someone else had used my daily necessities.  I felt that my  personal sanity had been affected.', 'When my father bought me a suit.', 'Elizabeth cast one happy glance at the dawning delight on the other two faces , and continued with the joyful work . ', " I haven't even told you what it is yet ! ", 'When I lost the person who meant the most to me. ', 'Look out ! ', "One day I was near home, kissing my boyfriend in a car when my mother appeared and asked me to go home, because she didn't know about the event.", 'Yet they were not downhearted . ', 'The ready availability of a screening questionnaire that mothers at risk can complete under supervision in a few minutes is potentially useful , but only if health workers and others can rise to the needs of depressed mothers . ', 'It was in December last year that I was chosen to come to this Institution to study as a Medical Assistant.', 'When I was selected for the university.', ' Not yet . ', ' But I still love you . ', " I simply can't bear your barbaric behavior . ", 'In reality , they may have been more anxious and worried than they showed . ', "Even falling asleep as he was , McLeish was amused at Bruce Davidson 's hopeful , proprietorial air . ", " You're such a wimp ! You're afraid of an eyelash curler . ", " Absolutely not ! I'm not a thief . ", 'Alexandra grew even crosser as it became obvious that Matthew had been invited in his own right . ', ' Look , there are other ways to quit . You can try the nicotine patch , or nicotine chewing gum . We spend a fortune on cigarettes every month and now laws are cracking down and not allowing smoking in any public place . It ’ s not like you can just light up like before . ', " No , forget that ! Do the tourniquet first . I'm losing too much blood . ", 'We had fixed time for practice as we had to participate in the inter-department song contest.  I arrived and found that there was nobody there.  When I went to the canteen I found them eating lunch.  I was so angry that I aired my greviances to one of them and then left.', 'I was forced to leave an unforgettable friend.', ' Yup . ', 'They wanted me to pay for a ticket twice because they said that the one I had was out of date.', ' It always hurts . I hate going . ', 'When I did bad on a chamistry midterm which I could have done well.', "I said I thought Surkov felt resentful because the novels hadn't made more money . ", 'My sister and brother in law returned from Sri Lanka where they adopted a child. I went to pick them up at the airport.', ' Why not ? ', ' Sure . ', 'I felt it when I received a letter telling that I had been classified in a national concourse of p... I felt happy and vanity about it.', '@CHancock1992 all right mate wanna buy a tv? fuckin do one alien #imthrowinstonesatyouman dont ring me again with that kinda bullshit', " That's true . You can hear my tummy grumbling . I am really hungry ! ", 'While skiing in Squaw Valley, I was riding up a chair lift and right when the chair was above a sheer cliff of rocks, the chair lift stopped and all the chairs sagged and everything seemed to creak loudly.', ' Nothing . ', " I'm sorry , but we don't allow returns on sale items . ", 'I felt frustrated , angry , utterly dejected . ', 'I wanted to borrow lecture notes from a friend and he did not lend me them.', "He seemed pleased to remind us of yet more evidence of Bouilland 's humming modernity , and took us out into the sun again . ", " Well . It's not all my fault , Anna ... ", ' Fine ! I want a divorce ! ', 'Hello . ', 'When I got a message that I was employed as a nurse at a kindergarten.', ' I will . ', ' No wonder you say English is a crazy language . ', 'I saw a man who had had a heart-attack and who was being treated for it.  I feared that my own father could have been there.', " And his story didn't even hold together . I feel such an idiot . ", "I'm afraid I forgot to lock the door . ", " Just an animal ? But it has life too . If you want a tattoo , get one . It's your choice because you want it . But has anyone asked the fish if it wanted one ? ", "When a good friend of me told me one evening that she didn't want to live anymore.", 'After 10 days of hard work and having suffered many changes I passed my last exam.', ' What do you mean by us . ', " It's no good . And I think spending several hours each day playing computer games is a waste of time . You might as well do something healthy and meaningful . ", 'I had taken the responsibility to do something and I had prepared for it.  However I failed because of my timidity.  After three attempts I still could not adapt to the atmosphere and failed as before.  I felt imcompetent and felt that the others would think that I had not prepared for it.', 'My boat running into another boat.', ' Sorry . The road is too crowded . ', " I couldn't agree with you more . ", ' I ’ m sorry that you didn ’ t get in . ', 'When I learnt that my close friend was going to immigrate.', 'When a thief broke into my house at night.', ' Yes , I am . ', 'When I dived among sharks and the brightly coloured fish on the outer reef of Tvavni, Fidgi.', 'Congratulations on the new house ! ', 'I experienced this when one of my friends reported to the Headmaster that I had gone out for beer, whilst the information was not true at all. So I had to fight the friend before the Headmaster.', ' What is it ? ', 'I dnt open up a lot to my partner as much as I should..is letting my guard down and yu not gaf and hurt me reason why I dnt get attatched', 'Death of my grnadfather after having been in hospital for so long with cancer of the Oesophagus.', ' Honey , a typhoon is coming . ', " I'm done . ", 'A friend of mine called me when I was not at home.  I phoned her back to know what she wanted and she told me that she had dialled the wrong number.', 'When my room-mate locked me out deliberately, before an exam due at 1400 hours.', 'Strachan was alarmed at the way the German defence manhandled the 33-year-old front-runner and got away with it . ', 'In spite of her grief at being parted from her cousins , she could not help but feel excited . ', 'Disappointed by a friend.', ' Well it was 3 to 4 , but Ripen ’ s home run made it 5 to 4 since another player was on first base . ', 'Just before we were to go upstairs to be photographed , an agitated Nigel Lawson came up to me saying that he wanted a word . ', ' Yes . ', ' But nobody uses Macintosh ! ', 'I went home all alone from a restaurant. It was dark, I went very fast. Behind me, there were some drunk men who shouted at me. By chance, I met some friends who accompanied me.', 'I feel fear quite often but this feeling was very strong last year when my husband was quite unexpectedly sent to the hospital.', 'In 1980 when I was in the 12th standard, we had arranged a small picnic in Kandala.  One of my closest friends wrote a small and cute poem for me, which expressed the feeling of closeness we had for each other.  I was very thrilled and I can still remember it.', ' But I lost the chance . ', 'The bull tossed the effigy out of their hands and became very infuriated . " ', " That's great . What's on tonight ? ", ' Yes . ', '` I \'m too miserable to eat . " ', ' He doesn ’ t lift a finger ! I bend over backwards cleaning up all day and he sleeps in until noon . ', 'Before an exam in logics.', ' Nothing . ', ' No . ', ' Who ? ', 'I won a sport contest.', ' ok ! I ’ ll bring one to you next time . ', ' How unlucky ! Let ’ s pack our bags and go home . ', 'Once I failed seven subjects at school and I was terrified to give my report card to my father.  I left it on the table and went to bed very early in order to avoid him seeing me.', 'How often do parents say in exasperation , ` Oh , you \'ll be the death of me " ? ', " There's nothing that can be done . Everything is gone . I wish I could tell you differently , but what has happened has happened . We will just have to figure out a way to move on . ", "My father resigned from work, and soon after this his elder brother died.  The next day my granny died (my mother's mother).  My dad remains the only living member of his family.", 'I have tickets to The Phantom of the Opera on Friday night . Would you like to go ? ', "My stomach's growling again ! ", 'When I passed successive exams to enter the school of medicine.', ' sure . ', 'Getting separated from my girlfriend.', 'China winning the Asian Olympic games.', ' Oh dear ! What a pity ! Are you sure you lost the wallet in the theatre ? ', 'But do I take delight in pushing you down , making you worse ? ', 'When my boyfriend told me that it would be difficult for him to marry me.', ' No . ', 'When I heard that I had passed my final examination at school (with success).', ' ok . ', "Once a week I work as a volunteer in a biologic garden. this work in the garden and the contact with other volunteers filled me with joy. They also gave me support after I failed passing my driver's test.", 'When you are far away from relatives and friends. I feel sad for my early years, for the freedom and the carefree years of childhood.', 'It showed some women in a northern English town at the turn of the century ; they were standing under an advertisement for Mazawattee tea and seemed depressed . ', ' Yes . ', 'Every day they became more miserable . ', ' I had a terrible quarrel with my neighbor yesterday . ', 'Upon recovering , he admitted he had been extremely depressed since the death of his wife from cancer a year earlier and now did not think he had anything to live for . ', 'The sense of relief that the Danes had ` let us all painlessly off the Maastricht hook " was immediately replaced by a despondency at the Government \'s response . ', 'As a ten-year-old I was at the funeral of my grand-father.  It was more the ceremonies held in the church and not really the death of my grand-father which made me sad.', 'A good friend of mine died. During the funeral I felt an intense feeling of sadness.', ' It was a great idea to spend a day watching a game . ', ' That ’ s weird . ', ' There was no reason for them to arrest me . ', 'I struggled with and #anxiety for years that prevented me from learning to drive. Finally got my license this year. #honesty', ' Do you want to borrow my coat ? I have a black coat that would look smashing on you . ', ' Why ? ', 'Once I was caught by thugs aged between 20-35, they asked me to surrender all the property I had and I remember feeling very scared.', 'When my mother interfered in my life.', 'Girl I was fond of did not initiate conversation as I expected in tutorial.', 'Two little children (5/6 years old) begging for money, and noone gave them money.', ' No problem . ', ' Thank you . ', 'When I am discussing something with a person and I realize that the other person is thinking over her own argumentations instead of listening, I become angry.', 'I have high expectations for my future but if I pursue the subject in this manner I will not attain this.', " That's really interesting . ", 'That is encouraging , yet we are concerned that people are still getting fatter . ', 'The time I lost a badminton match, that I should have won at the Zambia closed badminton championships.', 'Good morning , Jim ! ', 'This was when the girl I was in love with accepted my proposal and everything went smoothly, just as I had wanted it to.  It was contrary to my previous feelings of uncertainty about her response.', 'Could I see the manager please ? I have a complaint to make . ', "My grandfather's death.", 'Thenceforward I was always wanting to take the joys of solitude and of society in their extreme forms , and was alternatively miserable from the lack of company or the presence of uncongenial company . ', " That's all . ", 'After training for an Australian championship competition for a year and then injuring myself 2 weeks before the competiotion.', 'When my sister was very ill and was admitted to the hospital.', 'When my sister left to go home, in Sweden, after the Christmas Holidays.', ' Yeah , it ’ s been ages ! So how have you been ? ', 'Hi , Bill . ', ' OK , go on . ', 'An hour before receiving the certificate results I was very frightened.  When I saw others crying I felt very tense and as time went by my fear grew.', 'When my grandfather died.', ' I like the way that the gifts I get increasingly more lavish . ', '` We are not happy that the group is meeting Sinn Fein and will demand an explanation from the Consulate . ', ' Certainly . ', 'This feeling was quite deep when my friend (girl) died in a car accident.', 'And out of the dark woods came the black man , leading his horse on one arm , and on the other a tall grey hound with the saddest face I have ever seen on any creature . ', 'My girlfriend one day went out and promised to be back at 6.00 pm however she first arrived at 10.00 pm, without a message (we had to go out that evening).', ' Why ? ', 'When, for example, my grandfather fell seriously ill. It was necessary for him to be operated and I felt great fear of losing him because he is so dear to me.', 'The challenge was accepted and amidst cheers from a group of inebriated local husbands , the offended owner headed out the door in search of a couple of friendly Gardai . ', ' Look at that big tree over there . ', 'I was sitting on the bus coming back from school. A man from nearly forty years sat beside me. After a while I looked at him and saw that he was looking at me with opened throusers and holding his penis.', " That's good . Do you live near here ? ", 'My mother died of cancer after a 4 year illness - I think the most pregnant moment of sadness was the next morning, just as the sun rose.', " You're right . Lifelong learning is about finding learning opportunities at all ages and in numerous contexts ", "At the weekend I wanted to be absent from school because of a sports event, but my teacher refused to give me the day off because he didn't like me.", "There is a boy who I love very much. I asked him to have dinner with me, but he refused I don't know why he didn't go with me, but I felt very lonely.", 'I remember that my form 2 teacher was very fierce and dogmatic.  My feet would tremble whenever I saw her but I had to face the fact that I had to go for her class. ', ' Well , it pays off for her.How old is she anyway ? ', ' Then , you are to walk to work . ', 'After this she ceased to blame herself for the breakdown of their marriage , but instead expressed considerable anger towards her husband . ', ' Yes . Why ? ', 'When I took my entrance exams successfully and also when I got my school leaving certificate because the delivering ceremony was extremely official.', "I was terribly upset when my kitten got hit by a car. He didn't die, but for several weeks we thought he might have to be put down.", "By this time , Mattie was feeling irked , not by Urquhart but by O'Neill . ", " I haven't gone to the interview yet . It's tomorrow . I am so nervous . ", 'Walter Matthau and Jack Lemon get miffed because her establishment will replace two of their favorite hang-outs .', ' Curse this oven ! Curse it ! ', ' I was told my girlfriend was speaking ill of me . That ’ s a real let-down . ', 'I had the window open and the door was shut so that the kitten would not go out.  My partner came in and started talking about something and I forgot about the window and suddenly I saw the kitten hanging from the window frame. I was rigid with fright till I got hold of her.', ' 856674 . ', 'I was furious when the teacher pointed out in class that I was the quietest girl in class.', ' Six . ', 'Hey , Mark , long time no see . ', 'Shut up ... Billy ... BILLY ! ', " Are you crazy ? You made the mistake and now you're charging me for your mistake ? ", ' Really ? ', '` Can I help you ? " she asked , trying not to let him see the amusement in her blue eyes . ', 'That was what I felt when I was finally accepted in the Bulgarian Conservatory after I had applied a couple of years.', ' Would you please write your name on this list ? ', 'Finding out that the person I love understands me.', 'Griffin Moss is a contented artist until he receives an enigmatic note from Sabine Strohem , a stranger from a South Pacific island . ', 'The concert was really great . ', ' See you ! ', "But that ain't how it works, that ain't how it goes,& i'll be getting high just to balance out the lows ", 'Finding out that I am not ill (not seriously).', 'A colleague asked me for some advice and as he did not have enough confidence in me he asked a third person.', 'My brother is a soldier. He promised to come home in a furlough but in the last moment he phoned and said that he could not come.', 'Lily shot a quick horrified look up and down the road . ', 'When I received a message that my brother was seriously ill and was in hospital.', 'Following an argument with my brother, he broke my golf clubs.', " I'm very sorry to hear that . ", ' You said she used to ? How did you stop her ? ', " Bummer . I guess we're both out of luck . ", ' Yes . ', 'Hoskyns , who only had another year to live , was angry at his university . ', ' Nigerian . ', '@JennaLaineBucs yes if they can run the ball and not get beat deep! We should win ! the Spear', 'Being insulted in front of my parents, and they believed other people (those insulting me).', " Sorry . We mustn't stop here . ", 'Loss of close relative.', ' Yeah ! Why not ? They are trendy and look great ! I want to get a dragon on my arm or maybe a tiger on my back . ', 'After listening to ghost stories with my classmates I had to back alone to the hostel at night.  I had to walk through a long and quiet road and I was scared of meeting a ghost.', ' really ? Who do you chat with ? ', " Yeah , I know , but it's too hard to do . ", 'He also was miffed that World Tour organizers did not contact enough players before going public .', ' Are you serious ? That will be wonderful ! ', 'Frau Nordern bit her lip in vexation . ', 'She picked up a pen and drew a line through the service charge , then handed the bill to the indignant guest . ', "But when he stepped up on to the conductor 's rostrum for the opening production of a new season , he was -- every time -- filled with a sense of sheer elation . ", 'People hunting animals.', "A miffed European Parliament head , President Jose Maria Gil -Robles , who is visiting Paris , promptly canceled a scheduled stop at de Charette 's office --- pending an apology .", "Why didn't you tell me you had a girlfriend ? ", 'Waking in morning (early morning) and having whole day to myself.', ' No , Jess , chill out ! ', ' Look , traffic jam again ! ', 'When I heard that a good friend had committed suicide.', "I felt a physical fear, if I can call it this way, today, in the bus where I was sitting on the first seat. While turning the driver didn't see the tram which was making a dash towards us (coming from the side I was), and whose driver intended to cross in yellow light.", ' I forgot what I put up with . In that case , I do deserve these flowers . ', " Yes , he was . I'm not imagining it.Finally , just when I got home , I turned around and looked at him.He was just standing there . He didn't smile . He just stood there . It was so obvious.What should I do ? I'm so scared . Can I call the police ? ", 'Finding out that my grandfather had died. He lived in England and I had not seen him for 10 years.', ' OK . ', "He hadn't sounded very pleased about something -- that made two of them . ", ' Look at me . I look so old ! I look as if I were thirty . ', ' Thank you . I am very excited . ', ' OK . ', 'When he wondered this he felt a deep sadness . ', 'I learned that my girlfriend had been unjustly missed from work.', ' Oh , that hurts . ', ' Very good . ', 'When I was admitted to a certain school as a student.', ' And why are you yarning now ? Are you bored ? ', 'I met a girl some time ago and I cared very much about her but it happened so that we left each other. I felt some sort of sadness, I think I can call it so.', 'Wenner would fly in to issue instructions to an increasingly disconsolate staff and Jagger would pay the bills . ', 'It was when I was allowed to take my wife away from her parents after being refused for three times on grounds that she should first write her examination.', 'Estrangement from my best woman friend.  We have been going different ways for quite some time now, but the break was total when she got married as her husband is unreasonably jealous of me.', ' Then we ’ ll have to put up with it . ', 'A friend of mine was hospitalized after having been diagnosed as having typhoid, he had to forgo his exams and also his ambition of doing a dissertation at the M.A level.  It was a very sad event for me and I felt very sorry for him so I volunteered to stay with him in the hospital.', "It's an ugly day today . ", 'My partner left me after we had been together for a long time.', 'After a weekend at a seminar I saw my husband again. I hurried home hoping he would be there. We embraced - I enjoyed feeling his body.', "Behind the scenes , British diplomats in Seoul , Korea were furious at the way last night 's meeting was handled . ", ' I believe that was a wedding present to both of us , Joanne . And you hardly ever use it ! ', ' You know , all I was trying to do was tell the truth but they obviously didn ’ t take it that way . ', "I was seven years old and swimming outside the flags at the Gold Coast. I was caught in a rip and taken out about 100 m. I couldn't swim too well, but an older friend (17) swam out and saved me.", 'When after an overwhelming anxiety and enquiry, I understood something about why I exist and what my task in life is.', ' My pleasure . Have you seen the movie yet ? ', ' And my writing is not good . I feel so frustrated . ', 'LIVID Mia Farrow beat her adopted daughter Soon-Yi with a chair after finding out about her affair with Woody Allen , it was claimed yesterday . ', 'We are repainting rooms in my house. My mother started to enact plans to paint my room without consulting me.', 'They \'d had a skinful so weren\'t in a particularly noticing mood but they saw and heard nothing , nothing except what they described as a kind of mournful whistling coming from deep in the wood . " ', ' So what ? ', ' Good bye . ', " I see . Oh , wait . Ma'am , I'm sorry . These slacks were on sale . ", " I've seen it so many times in books , but I never imagined I'd get to see it in person . ", 'Some of the house servants were missing and everybody looked frightened . ', 'After my car accident, when I woke up in a heap of stones.', 'Being reunited with my family after not having seen them for 5 years, at the airport. Sheer elation at getting through the \\paper work\\" collecting bags and the anticipation of coming through the customs gate."', 'When I learnt that I could do further studies at the Chinese university.', 'Motor failure on a boat outside Gottenburg when we were in heavy  seas and the wind was strong.  As we could not steer the boat we drifted towards the rocks.  We did not succeed in attracting the attention of any passerby until 4 hours had elapsed.', ' I thought so . I felt dizzy this morning . ', 'Being asked to go out by someone I care. ', 'When I drove partially across the country with my father. We stopped in a few towns and stayed overnight in motels. The joy I got was from the feedom I felt and the real beauty of the country.', ' Yes . ', ' Why don ’ t you try to be clearer about your intentions ? ', 'During his fishing time though it was sheer delight for him , his boys were always ready and willing to go to sea , bother U-boats etc ! ', ' Again ! ', ' My condolences . ', " The weather report says it's going to rain for a whole week . ", 'There was a woman who wanted me to call her mother , and then called me awkward , exasperated and frightened with the dreams and the screams . ', 'Nearby the end of the year my wife and I were having a car ride, when it appears another vehicle, driven by a drunk driver and provokes an accident.', ' Yes . ', ' Well , the life style is much more relaxed than here in the city . And the seafood is tastier ! ', ' Goodbye . ', 'Doing well in the exam.', 'When my mother quarrelled with my aunt over me.', ' Mom ! ! ! Please . All my friends have had it for years . ', 'When my father managed to begin a \\new life\\" after the divorce from my mother; resulting in a new little sister for me."', ' Not at all . ', 'When a friend, who has been with me at school, failed to make it to university.', "I don't know what I can do now . I'm down and out . ", 'When my parents did not let me go on a study tour.', 'Her ladyship looked frightened , shocked . ', "I was spending my summer holidays in a village.  My friend and I were coming back from a discotheque at night and we heard a noise from an alley.  We were very scared and we got into my friend's house.  A moment later, an unknown car picked up a person from this alley.", 'I had to give up my love, because it did not work out well.', "Jenny sat with a contented smile on her face during this interchange while mother repressed her irritation and anger with her husband 's remarks . ", 'At having an argument with a stranger, in the street.', ' You ’ Ve got to be kidding me ! You ’ re complaining about me talking on the phone when you go out for a cigarette break ten times a day to shoot the breeze ? ', ' Why not ? ', " Yesterday . I didn't even know it was coming . He just told me he found someone else . ", "Although this is hardly the headhunter 's fault , the candidate will naturally feel annoyance or even anger that his or her expectations have been raised and then dashed , often without much explanation . ", 'When I was involved in a traffic accident.', 'The boss sounded agitated when I spoke to him over the phone . " ', " I'm not flattering you.You ' re full of energy every day . ", " Oh , gosh ! I have to go to the restroom so bad ! I can't bear it anymore ! ", ' She said it was because we had very different ideas about life . ', ' I want to go fishing today , but I have left my rod and fishing line at home . ', ' I ’ m down in spirits . ', 'Movement in bush late at night while camping.', 'Overjoyed at the prospect , she found it difficult to conceal her excitement from those around her . ', 'When my sister broke my china tea set.', ' I guess so . ', 'I received the mid-term exam paper of one of my major subjects and I found that I had failed it.', 'I walked in on a teenage patient of mine (I work in a hospital) as he was going through my office drawers and he had removed money from my purse.', ' Do you have a subscription ? ', 'Finding out that I was deceived by a friend.', 'Your eyesight \'s not good enough , " Miss Dersingham said with exasperation . ', " With that attitude , I don't really think we have much more to discuss here . ", 'Meddlesomeness of my mother about the way I live. She thinks I am to free in my behavior for instance when a boyfriend stays the night.', ' Why not ? ', ' Yeah , you ’ re a pretty big guy . I play goalie , myself . ', '` He was livid . ', 'When my father a 4th/5th generation colonial (from Eng.) attacked me verbally about my chosen partner. A man whom he discarded because his colour skin was not white. His ultimate disgust saddned me.', ' What you said gives me the creeps ! ', ' I want to have a picnic with my friends , Mum . ', '` Was it sad because its mummy was nasty to it ? " he said . ', ' And three times a week , you can either swim , play racketball , or hand ball . ', 'Charlotte looked at Ursula and saw a frozen expression of horror on her face . ', ' Are you going to have a birthday party ? ', ' After you . ', 'A person with whom I had been on bad terms, gave me a present. We became reconciled.', 'When I thought that my high school love and I had a mutual emotion.', 'One dark night with no street lights, a car was obviously following me.', "His comments are a major diplomatic gaffe as the CRC has supported the region in its disquiet over the CRE 's decision to begin an investigation . ", ' What ? ', " I'll certainly try to help you . What topic is your paper on ? ", 'I don ’ t know what I ’ m going to do ! It ’ s going to be impossible to make ends meet if I lose my job ! ', ' Sorry , sir . That table has been reserved . This way , please . How about this one , sir ? ', ' It must be a haunted house . Are you frightened ? ', 'The day I learnt that I had been admitted to the university.', 'It was a revelation after the pain of trotting and Nails was cross when Nutty brought it to an end . ', " That's no problem.He just has a friend who works in a shop that can do plastic wrap . That's easy.And probably it's the same shop he got the boxes from.Maybe his friend works in an electronics store . They sell video cameras there.Probably they had a couple video camera boxes lying around.So they get the idea of wrapping bricks to sell to fools like you.Twenty dollars a brick . That's a good profit if they can sell enough bricks . ", 'When, for example, I left for the first time my parents and I went to live in Sofia.', ' Yes.You look very smart today . ', 'Mugged while on holiday in the U.S.A.', 'When my ex-boyfriend and I separated.', 'He was concerned that parents would want to see their children doing ` real " maths , and advised injecting investigations into the existing syllabus instead . ', 'Staying alone in the room after midnight and reading horror stories.', "She 's really riled now . ", ' For What ? ', 'Once my friend and I got into into a hot discussion on a very controversial topic.  At one point of the argument I disagreed with her totally and I took what she was saying as an insult.  So I couter-argued and unknowingly hurt her emotionally, I felt very sad about this.', 'When I was walking around all alone at night.', "More usually it left him ashamed and angry , despite his wife 's kind words of consolation , and Ashi herself in an agitated state of dissatisfaction and unhappiness . ", ' Why don ’ t you marry Rose , then ? ', 'I kept trying to get back to his lugubrious face , which reclined morosely in his good hand as the guests filled the air around him with cultivated noises . ', ' Have they set a date for the wedding ? ', 'Failed an exam.', 'When I heard that I had passed Primary School Leaving Certificate and was selected to go for Secondary education.', " I don ’ t think they are right . I have tried my best and that's enough . It is unfair that they are always saying these thing . Sometimes I even feel deeply hurt . ", "During the days that followed Brackenbury 's hasty departure , Edward 's despondency increased . ", 'When I was walking along a road alone on my way to go shopping.', 'Anger towards my lover for being late.', ' I know , but it is hard for me to get used to your relatives coming to visit us , and without warning . ', "I swear I will never shop at a street market in China . It's a terrible place full of excellent profiteers ! You have to keep an eye whenever it comes to paying for something . ", 'When I learnt that my brother-in-law had been poisoned by his friends and that he was dead.', ' Yes . I ’ Ve won the first prize in the math contest . ', ' Thank you ! ', ' I see . who ’ s the head of your household ? ', 'Her face must have registered dismay at having to tell Peter what had happened , for he gave a narrow smile . ', 'When I was with someone I love.', ' Why not ? ', " Oh , er ... sorry that's because we didn't have time to clean it . ", 'The breakup of a relationship. After the event I was upset/sad then angry maybe 2/3 weeks later.', 'When I was caught by the police and was kept with a group of delinquents, which added to my fear of being shut up.  I was afraid of the people near me and the future consequences.', ' So are you ! How about another coffee ? ', '` In my youth " , says Baxter , ` I was quickly past my fundamentals and was running up into a multitude of controversies , and greatly delighted with metaphysical and scholastic writings . " ', ' Passed . ', ' I love this art exhibition ! ', 'They talk about the sadness of departure ; what about the guilt of arrival ? ', " Well , such things are just unavoidable in a great metropolis like Beijing . I think a still more desirable benefit is psychological . Bicycling home after work can help release your stress . Life in the offices is miserable . You just sit there in a daze , gazing at the monitor and dealing with files and documents . Why don't you give a full play to your energy after work ? Enjoy the speed on the road . Just think , you are flashing past the poles with your own energy . How great ! ", 'I experience that feeling when I am insulted without deserving it or when someone deceives me.', 'That was soon after the results of the interview which nearly 9,000 people attended in all the three regions of Malawi. My joy came after hearing on the radio that I was one of the people selected to undergo the Medical Assistant training at the L.S.H.S.', 'I had this experience of fear when few people were fighting at a social one night, which one of my relative was involved. My fear was greatly for him because he was being assaulted badly.', 'Finding out I was chosen for the English lectures.', ' Yes , I am . ', " She's 42 . ", 'When someone lies to me.', 'Getting my kitten, found at work several years ago, taking him home in a box on my motorbike, showing it to my defacto.', 'Where ever resides at in your life move in that direction with boldness! The more u go, the less it has power ova you.', "My father gave me money for school fees and I didn't pay school fees instead I spent it on beer and did not tell him about this.", " It doesn't look good at all . ", " Yikes ! you are joking , right ? I can't believe it . No wonder he is so stressed and bossy lately . I thought he was just being ostentatious by giving orders to people and all the different departments . What big shoes to fill ! ", 'Lili was getting exasperated . ', ' at first , she was quite critical of her , but now that they ’ Ve been married for a few years , she ’ s starting to accept the fact that my father divorced my mother . ', 'I made a long-distance call to people rather close to me and I thought about the sad incident that had happened to them in the near past; I knew that they were thinking about it too when I made the call.', 'A fall during a climb, with almost with no previous experience.', ' sure , I have a part-time job as a bartender . ', ' Try me . ', ' What ? ', ' What did you think you were doing ? ', "And , remember , as with all our offers , we guarantee to refund your money if you 're not delighted with your purchase . ", ' I ’ m definitely taking them to court . ', "Hate snakes so much can't even watch them on tv ", ' Hi , Gary , what happened ? I was waiting for you at the theater . Why didn ’ t you meet me there ? ', "` I 'm not particularly worried if players don't score , but you just can't stroll around . ", 'When my parents got divorced.', ' Stalls . ', 'The EC was infuriated . ', 'I wanted to get in contact with a girl I loved, but I was afraid she would refuse me.', 'When my parents drove me to a nearby place and went home immediately instead of waiting a few hours.  They could have easily waited.', 'I think he was in a hurry and was cross about being stopped , " said an eyewitness . ', 'wow, thats amazing, i am happy for you :)', 'At noon one Sunday I received a phone call telling me that my mother had been knocked down by a car at the street crossing and that her husband should go and see her.  I could not believe this as my father and my mother had gone out together to buy lunch boxes.  However I immediately ran to the scene of the accident.', " That's wonderful ! ", "It was in March 1985 when one of my fellow students borrowed my wristwatch and after sometime he broke a glass of that watch I got angry when he was telling me but the anger didn't take long to fade.", '@iHoldDownBoogie Lol Have No DRoss Is Here! (Hero Voice)', ' Yes , actually it ’ s my second visit . I was there last October . ', ' It is ? ', '` Estelle \'s delight in Thomas made your mother very happy , " Ashley recalled , her head resting against his chest . ', 'After I was thrown out of a car in an accident, this resulted in a fracture.', 'I lived in a student-house, where you shared the lavatory and shower with a fellow student. the shower cubicle formed the connection between both appartments. My neighbour very often was drunk and aggressive. One night, I was afraid that he would enter my room.', '` To be honest , I \'m more concerned about getting a good night \'s sleep , " says a pregnant woman , who \'s working full-time at a demanding job . ', 'Finding out about people can go mad for social reasons.', 'When I noticed that I do many things to the pregiudice of myself.', 'When they told me that my grandfather was rather ill.', 'Fear when fulfilling my obligations on my first night fatigue duty as a soldier.', ' I really enjoy the beach in the summer . ', 'I was happy to hear that my sister had won a prize at running competition.', "To be able to prepare myself better for an important examination, I did not spend the nitht with my girl-friend but in the students' hostel. I had not done that for months. The day when I had the exam, somebody knocked at my door at seven o'clock in the morning. My girl-friend who likes sleeping late, had come to be able to be with me.", 'So I got very , very depressed about it all and I just said to the officers , ` Put me in my cell and leave me alone . ', 'When I was reprimanded by the manager of the hotel where I worked during Autumn 1984.', 'Bonjour ! ', ' Sorry , darling , I forgot . ', "@Ginza1986 @Smitty_bhoy Haha i don't like seeing that bear sober ", 'My son was registered to get admission in grade one of the         primary school.  The chances of him getting a place there was 1/10.  Two weeks later I was informed that he had been enrolled.', ' Jenny , come and help , we need to prepare more food . ', 'How are you ? ', ' Again , I do apologize for the inconvenience . ', ' Sorry . It is the smallest size we have . ', ' How was it ? ', 'Her shoulders were slumped and she was walking slowly , looking depressed . ', " I'm sorry , but I don't know that name . You must have the wrong number . ", ' Sure , a promise is a promise . ', "At school teacher for not allowing us to go out on New Year's Eve when on a class trip overseas.", 'I felt something close to that when I saw that there was a man on the terrace of the flat.', 'Do you often buy magazines ? ', 'I Am not afraid of tomorrow, for I have seen yesterday and I love today less', ' Good . ', "Wow ! I can't believe I'm standing here ! ", " How could I help but follow it ? The fluctuation of dollar is killing my company ! The exchange rates are eating into our profits , and we can't do anything about it . ", 'Spending the nitht with close friends, after being away (out of Nijmegen) for a while.', 'In this he resembled Bonamy Dobre at Leeds , who reacted with the utmost dismay when his pet student , Robin Skelton , announced his engagement to a fellow-student . ', 'When my father was imprisoned for burning the house of his younger brother.', " I think it's bleeding . ", "Losing close people and animals. So far, I've felt most when losing our dog in a traffic accident.", 'First public speaking.', ' Right . ', ' not just working experience . I would say the biggest lesson I learned is how to deal with people from all walks of life . ', " There is nothing good at the moment.Let ' s do something different.Would you like to go to a concert ? ", 'Being invited out by a person I wished to get closer to. He telephoned and invited me to go out with him the next night.', "Guy 's mouth kicked up at one corner in a wryly amused smile . ", 'When I heard a lion roar for the first time.', 'My episode of fright happened when I came to study.  I had to stand in front of my still unknown fellow students and talk about myself.  My hands shook, I flushed and became tongue-tied.', 'I was filled with joy when I heard that I had been selected for a University course.', ' Oh , Yes ? ', ' Jacob , you have the luxury of having a haircut that rarely needs styling . I don ’ t . I have to set aside about an hour and a half to get ready in the mornings . Every day , I wake up and head straight for the shower . Every second day , I wash my hair . If it ’ s a hair-washing day , I frequently need to wash my hair twice because it gets really oily . Then I usually put in a conditioner and have to rinse that out too . Because my hair is so long , I seldom manage to take a shower in under twenty minutes . Afterwards , I often put on a pot of coffee and get dressed while I wait for it to brew . I take a long time to get dressed in the morning . Every now and then I remember to choose my outfit the night before , but usually I do it in the morning . In all , getting dressed takes about half an hour , at which time my hair is now semi-dry so then I have to style my hair . From time to time I ’ ll put my hair up , but oftentimes I bloody it straight . And then , because of the texture of my hair , I regularly have to flat-iron it to keep it from frizzing . That ’ s another twenty minutes or so . After that , I have my daily makeup routine . ', ' Is 5 PM . Saturday a good time for you ? ', ' He makes me nervous . He looks at me funny . And he never buys anything ! ', ' For what ? ', "My best friend started moving out with my boyfriend. When I heard this my heart sank because I didn't expect that my own good friend could do such a thing, so I got angry.", " I'll never again come to your side ; I am turn away now and can't return . ", "D.H. And no criticism of the drugs or medical regime because they 're too frightened . ", '@Cash_Cream @malcSF u dont wanna lose to MUSA is that what it is...scared money dont make no money...Cash', 'Driving my family 2 any where is no fun ! !', 'When I was told that they had got tickets for me for a film marathon I wanted to see.', " Ok . I will wait until you have had your fun , if that's what you want . ", ' What is it ? ', ' Yes . I like cooking very much . I got this hobby when I was 12 years sold . ', ' But she did and made me disappointed . ', " Sure , that would be great . I'll bring the wine . ", 'In his meeting with Bush , zal reportedly sought to express his disquiet about a bill passing through the US Congress aimed at marking the " 75th anniversary of the Armenian genocide of 1915-23 " . ', 'Duncan could imagine their anger at being forced into another emergency manoeuvre . ', ' Bye . ', 'There were rumours of anger among the grain farmers , who were being given IOUs instead of cash for their crops . ', "You know you're scared when you have every single light on in your apartment and don't even notice it! ", ' I want to try something exciting . ', 'But when he saw the wind boisterous, he was afraid ; and beginning to sink , he cried , saying, Lord, save me. Matthew 14:30 ', 'When my grandfather whom I had met only once for 3 weeks, died after several months. I was really sad because he was a lovely person and I did not have the means for his company.', ' Why do you like it ? ', 'Deliberately provoked by someone close. Angered by the deliberation not the provocation.', 'I had arranged with a friend to go with him to Carinthia by car. We had arranged a place where to meet. I was a bit late and my friend had left already. I had no money to go by train. I nearly started to cry because I was so angry - it was very important for me to go to Carinthia.', ' That sounds so interesting . I wish I learned a hobby . ', ' Eight . ', ' I got carried away . I made such a fool of myself . They were both laughing at me ! ', "Irishman Mr MacSharry was so furious about Mr Delors ' interference that he resigned his post . ", ' Me , too . ', 'Can we talk ? ', 'I like this :-) I love today', "I couldn't wait for the pictures to come out , I was so excited to see them . ", 'Every country should face the history . ', " Of course I know that . But don't you notice that the house price is skyrocketing ? ", ' I might just ! Enjoy your stupid game ! ', 'My girlfriend started singing (she cannot sing) and did not stop despite my asking her to do so.', ' I am not in the mood . ', 'We were driving on a very dusty road at night and the driver tried to overtake a very big truck only to find another big truck parked right in front.', ' Yes , he does have Richard ’ s eyes . The baby even looks like you than Richard does . ', ' I just lost my job . My boss just told me . ', 'I heard that a friend had died in an accident; group situation: suddenly a friend came in and said \\Have you already heard that...\\"; there was a terrible consternation, silence, then everybody shouted excitedly \\"How could that happen...\\"."', ' Maybe . ', ' You have to go and fix it . ', " you can say that again ! He won't even let us check our personal email at work ! ", 'I was caught doing something I was not supposed to do.  I did something with the person who caught me (bribe) and even though he promised not to report me, I am still frightened.', 'In September 1984, I was forced to live with someone I did not like.  The first week we were at loggerheads and our conversation was like a debate.  The atmosphere was very bad.  When he learnt that I had got 95 marks in a test he told me \\ A failure, You lost 5 marks.\\"   I was very angry, not because my marks were lower than his, but because I could not tolerate his pride.  I did not show my discontentment and carried on doing my work."', 'But he was sniffily dismayed at their delight in consumerism and sheep-like attitude to the reactionary rubbish in the papers . ', 'What ? ', " At cars ! You aren't thinking about buying a car , are you ? ", 'Being slandered by friends.', ' Why not ? ', 'Goodbye, Farewell, So Long.... ', ' Is it full ? ', "I'm really in a flap about the interview . ", 'Get changed ! ', 'With a wide , delighted smile , because she hadn\'t really expected ever to see him again , she teased , ` Are you following me ? " ', 'When I lost my father in a car accident.', ' Hmm . Do women usually work after they get married ? ', 'Saw a father beating up his small child.', ' I do ? ', ' I would love to hear the birds singing and feel the fresh breeze on my face . When the wind blows in the city , you get dust in your mouth and in your eyes . ', 'When my brother died.', 'A few weeks back, as I was in a hurry to leave the house, I left some of my things lying around.  This is something I never do. My uncle,who lives with us, as we live in a joint family, remarked that we were always doing things like  this.  This really got me mad.', 'Salesmen were still tramping the aisles of the carriages , shouting over the excited chatter of the crowd , the squawking of chickens and bleating of goats . ', 'The very idea is preposterous and I was overjoyed to see that you believed me . ', 'The participants in folk dance can and certainly do show elation . ', 'He looked up , his lugubrious face pale , and Athelstan saw it was tear-stained . ', 'Yes , sir ? ', ' Are you done ? ', ' Thank you . ', 'When I learnt that I had been accepted at the medical school.', 'I felt fear when one night my aunt and Uncle left me alone at their house to look after the baby when they went to a party.', "When I found our my mother didn't have cancer.", 'When we were going to Nkhoma last Saturday the vehicle was moving very fast, so I feared we might crash since the road was too rough.', 'Could not find my way out in the college building at night.', 'Her excitement shone in her eyes as she showed him her sketches . ', ' Not bad.Li Hong , I am sorry that I can ’ t go to see Mrs.Brown with you tomorrow morning.My mother is ill . I must take care of her . ', 'When I had my children.', "Where is John ? I can't find him anywhere . ", 'The day I got a letter from the U.G.C informing me that I had been awarded the junior research fellowship.', ' I am not ! ', 'My best friend could not get into university.', ' Details ? ', "If refused , they may feel saddened , disappointed , or inconvenienced , but their self-concept isn't shattered . ", 'Angry at being separated from Jeanne , Modigliani spent much of his time drinking in a windowless little bar where local artists met , where he drank and ran up debts . ', 'An inter-college basket-ball match.', 'In a low , resentful voice , Cullam said , ` I was sick . ', 'I felt angry when I failed in an exam about which I knew quite a few things and I did not deserve to be plucked.', 'When my friend (girl) promised to help me go to the hospital and be examined by good experts and she deceived me.', 'I preached to a F.3 students in a gospel camp.  They thus knew more about God and made up their minds to believe in Jesus.', "When you say something and you pray the person don't hear", 'I was in the Korean War. We were attacked with mortars, me and companion. We stopped the jeep and ran for cover. Fortunately neither of us was hit but we both came close to being killed.', 'My 21st birthday celebration, when I cut the cake and received the presents.', 'When my boss enrolled in a course to satisfy his own ends - to trample on his associates.  I have the misfortune to have one of my superiors in my course.', "Strangely , she felt more resentful of this lady 's peremptory commands than she ever had of those of the merchants ' wives she had previously been obliged to swallow . ", ' I just got off the phone with my boyfriend . He is always getting upset and losing his temper over nothing . It ’ s so hard to talk to him at times . ', 'I was very sad when I heard about the death of my teacher who taught me in Standard 8.', " I know ... I know ... it's all my fault . I feel awful that I didn ’ t study , and I cheated , and I got caught . ", "Nothing happened -- not that she 'd really thought anything would -- although there was a nervous tingle in her fingers . ", 'Somebody wanted to beat my brother at a wedding ceremony and I was trying to protect my brother but the other man was calling names to both of us.', 'When my grandfather died I was extremely sad.  However my family members did not have any special feelings, they said that he was already 80 years old.', " That's a great idea . It's the best season for tourists in Florida . You can also get a good sun-tan there . ", " I'm not being pessimistic . I'm being realistic . My chemistry is so bad . ", 'Before getting back the results of a test in school, when I had worked very hard and was worried about not succeeding.', ' Tomorrow is Christmas and I haven ’ t bought my mom anything ! I ’ m such a bad son ! ', 'My lovely girlfriend double-crossed me and so that I found her chatting with another guy.', "I'm terrible sorry . I seem to have mislaid your MP4 . ", 'Freeze ! Police ! Put your hands over your head ! ', 'I felt joy when my boyfriend proposed to me in marriage.', 'at what age does one gain this concept known as common sense?  ', "I was afraid when my first boyfriend threatened to make an end to our relationship because he didn't love me enough while I loved him very much.", 'When I was blamed for some of my attributes which are very often misunderstood, especially when one is very frank.', 'My bed sheet (present of my parents) damaged by roommate.', ' Let me have a look . Whoa ! Get away from me ! ', 'When I failed an exam unfairly.', 'Been watching Gshore series1 all day... Never wanted to put loadsa tan on, hit the club and pull some lads so much in my life ', 'Dear Lord , he can be stupid , thought Scarlet , as she saw Camille about to respond with the surprised gratification of a matador to whom the bull has blindly turned his flank . ', ' Get out of here ! ', 'It ’ s so relaxing , taking a walk in the country . The air is so fresh and clean . ', 'People not resprcting my opinion.', ' I ’ m rather disappointed at not being able to see my best friend off . ', ' How dare you speak to me like this . ', 'When my elder sister had a baby girl.  She was the first girl in the family after 19 years of baby boys.', ' so do I . ', 'Nothing hurts @ndamukong_suh worse than taking away what he loves to do most...Put in quarterbacks on Sunday. #Lions', 'The disease and subsequent death of a close acquaintance. Sadness was accompanied with feelings of powerlessness (I also experienced sadness in the situation described under guilt).', 'When I discovered that I and my friend would be licensed at the first call. This emotion was accompanied by a great relief. It was the coronation of a year of sacrifice and extrene discipline.', " and .... Think about it,,,,based on your belief, u don't even lose your #LIFE when u lose your physical #LIFE #UseITdontUseIT", "My trouser's zipper was open when I was at a public wedding.", 'I thought that I had failed an examination, but when I was informed about the mark, I saw that I had passed it.', ' My drives were terrible today . I kept slicing the ball into the roughs and sand traps . ', " I've been here for 3 years , and I haven't had a raise in all that time.If you like my work , it should be reflected in my pay , and I feel it isn't . ", 'Birds had made nests in our thatched roof and they were flying and flapping their wings in the bedroom at night.  It was very dark and I could not even see my nose.  I did not know that it was the birds till my mother told me so.', "In fact , now you come to mention it , I 'm a little bit peeved with her . ", 'I felt angry when I heard that my sister had failed the Examinations which we hoped she was going to pass with distinctions.', " Aren't you the pot calling the kettle black ? You're wearing my pants right now ! ", ' cheese ... ', 'Introducing myself at a first tutorial this year at University.', "My grandfather's funeral.", ' That would be convenient . They might as well ask him to fix the electrical wiring . The circuit breakers keep going out all the time . It ’ s really annoying ! ', 'The last time she had walked down this lane she had been too anxious about Susan to notice very much . ', 'When my room-mates were watching video-tapes and prevented me from watching the news.  The first feeling I had was that I was being treated unfairly and then came the feeling of anger.', 'My cut was run over by a car. After searching for a long time I found her lying in a kerb. I was rather shocked and angry with the driver.', " I don't believe you . ", 'If , as she suspected , Elizabeth was miserable because of that dreary village sawbones , then it was dishonest and unlikeable of her to pretend that it was because of her sister-in-law . ', ' Yes , I really weak in maps , I did poorly in high school . ', 'When my dog died.', "It's all over . I'm bankrupt . ", ' You can get a loan from the bank . You know LPF program provides low cost loans for participants home purchases . ', " I am awfully sorry . I didn't think you would mind so much . ", 'Do you have a delight in animals and skill in their management ? ', 'I told Dana I could no longer bear the atmosphere of the city , the right-wing bullies , the Falangists , the deadening work of teaching mostly bored and resentful students . ', '` I think your friend Billy and his fellow commandos were a bit peeved to find themselves here after the horse had bolted , so to speak . " ', 'I was then in the 10th standard and was going to my native place.  The last bus had already left and so I started walking, it soon became quite dark.  The road was a village road and was deserted, I was not even sure if that was the right way.  I finally reached home at 10 P.M.', 'Misunderstood by friends.', "As a passenger in a vehicle travelling from the steep side of Arthur's Pass in the middle of a sleet-storm, icy roads, sheer chasms to one side, sheer face to the other.", "If he promised to help you , I'm sure he will help . He's a man of his word . ", 'There was really no reason why Star should be cross . ', " Wow , that does sound like it's going to be fun . ", 'A class-mate died after being two months in coma, after a car accident.', ' The Giants ? ', ' You ’ re right . ', 'Hi Mark . ', '` There is exasperation that it is taking so long . ', 'I talked to my boyfriend on the phone when I was in high spirits and had a lot to tell him.  I had been looking forward to this conversation and he did not listen to me to the extent that I had anticipated.', 'I was sitting for an exam in biochemistry, I was very excited because it was a supplementary examination. I passed the exam very well and was glad because I recovered my selfconfidence.', ' Oh . Hi Matt . I went snowboarding yesterday and my whole body aches . ', 'The passing away of my mum.', 'At the age of 12 years I always had to take care of my little brother and sister I never could sleep then. I always imagined creepy men sneaking into our house.', 'When my nephew was taken to hospital with meningitis and we did not know what would happen.', 'When my wife told me that the refrigerator had stopped working.', 'Having to decide on a termination of a pregnancy, after discussing it with friends, family and the man involved.', ' When did you learn to dance ? ', " You know what ? You and I had no plans , so I made plans with Mark . What's the problem ? ", 'Tutorial again !  A fearful feeling came to me when I sat on the chair and looked at my fellow students all around.  I was really scared that they would ask me some questions or challenge the ideas that I had presented.', ' Yes . ', 'I just got laid off . The awful business , you know . ', 'This is often the feeling the bereaved find most difficult to acknowledge , their anger against the dead person for abandoning them to face the world alone . ', ' Shut up . You should think how to make fortunes , not look for a squabble . ', " It's a brick ! I can't believe how stupid I was . Damn it ! ", 'When I learnt that the girl I had impregnated was in hospital and was on the verge of dying as she had refused to accept the responsibility of her pregnancy and had wanted to commit suicide.', 'A friend of mine gave birth to a child. Very dangerous delivery. I was afraid for her and for the baby.', ' What ! I resent that ! ', 'We were camping in the mountains, and a friend and I went for a walk.  It was getting darker and darker and we were not sure of the right way back.', "My grandfather died. He lived almost as a recluse not caring for himself as well as he should - Dad and we all helped as much as we could, but it didn't save him from himself. It was an unexpected death. His second de facto wife was lucky she wasn't jailed.", 'The Department of Health is aware of the disquiet among dentists . ', 'Sheila Williams was feeling miserable . ', ' I will . ', 'Comme au match aller, un CSKA sans génie subit la loi des Lillois...jusque dans les dernières minutes? #LDC #LOSC', 'When, for the first time I realized the meaning of death.', " Sorry . I didn't know . ", 'I always get angry when somebody deceives me, or tries to conceal his lie skilfully and this offends me even more.', ' who is he ? ', "Really afraid to be bipolar and have more problems of self harm than cutting … :'( ", ' How come ? ', 'When I had a good result in the certificate examination.', 'Guinness is particularly pleased that its own employees can participate in these programmes through matched giving schemes . ', ' That sucks . ', 'No speeches have yet been greeted with ecstatic cries of ` author , author " -- probably because Denis Healey is not there -- but the clash of rival socialist philosophies is no less cacaphonous . ', " Why didn't you just call ? I hate sending SMS messages . ", " So you'll make the Stars.com deadline , and have us up and running next week ? ", "Excuse me , what's the screen near your steering wheel for ? ", 'That \'s why I \'m not frightened of your report . " ', 'His delight first makes itself evident during his solo for Lise even though technical mistakes keep on happening . ', "So who does he think he is , anyway , I can't believe the way that my boss has been ordering everyone around lately , I mean , it's now like he is the CEO , or anything . ", 'Fear - paralysing - that I would not be accepted by the God who I believed to be there because I was \\morally bankrupt\\" (before becoming a Christian and realising that that was why Christ came to free us from sin and to forgive us)."', "saw  on the tv stand. they smelled like a combination of and #shame. if that b*tch thinks i'm wearing them...", 'When others let me down, fail to keep agreements.', "If the weatherman's predictions are accurate , it should rain tomorrow . ", 'Value and source of  we know  God knows  of the #Lord  Job 28 #RCCAtlBible', ' The movie theater is always so crowded on the weekends . I like to go to the movies during the week . ', ' Actually they ’ re expecting the baby to come on my birthday . ', ' How was it ? ', ' Can I stop by ? ', 'Why ever did he bother to write them out ? the landlady asked , gravely vexed and insulted . ', 'I am a Christian but I cannot find any meaning in life . It seems that I am deceiving myself but I cannot find the way out.', 'The day I finished my military service.', ' Three days . ', "Robert Stephenson , when John met him after the week 's delay , was amused at the story of the Triumph of Rhyll . ", " I'm sorry . We're still going . I got reservations for all of us on the 31st . It will be OK . Trust me . ", ' I know . Three dollars for milk . ', ' Why not ? ', ' Yes , Deborah and I are going to buy a new home in Woodlawn . ', "A friend of mine promised to come with me to the cinema but he didn't come.", 'When I was a child I was afraid of big dogs. One day when I came home a big dog was laying in front of our door. I was so frightened that I did not dare to enter the door and I waited until somebody passed by.', 'Modigliani was plagued and anxious because of the difficulty of finding models , and when one had been found he waited in a state of tension for fear of being let down . ', ' Honey ... ', " I'm positive . ", 'I fell over head and ears in love with someone who appeared to be in love with me. it made me so happy that I could hardly sleep and eat for one week.', "@DrAttai Don't know many who can take a cancer diagnosis lightly, too much #uncertainty #anxiety #bcsm", 'I had stolen a bottle of rum from a person who knows me well. He threatened to call the police if I did not pay 500 Shillings.', 'When my mother was seriously ill and had to be admitted to the hospital.', ' A teacher . ', ' Fine ! I want a divorce ! ', 'Walking home in the dark from college.', ' So do I . ', 'While drinking a soft drink, I had the impression of swallowing   a piece of glass so I went to the district hospital and got admitted there.', 'But it was not a happy smile . ', "In 1982, I was annoyed at an uncle who was drunk and was beating up his old father.  He claimed that the father was responsible for his guardian's failure.", " I'm sorry.My car's taken . ", ' Actually , the business trip itself was very successful . We arrived on time , we had nice conversations and we settled some important issues for the next year . ', ' It sure is ', 'Harry released her and once again his expression was downcast . ', 'How about seconds , Victor ? ', ' I guess so . ', 'As Clinton was taking up the reins of power , a disconsolate President Bush flew back to Washington to make arrangements for the handover . ', ' part-timer ? Is that a new buzzword ? ', 'When do you usually go to the movies ? ', " I got the message . I'm quiting . ", 'Arriving home from work after a long and tiring day to find no dinner prepared as I had expected.', 'When our school was raided by the pupils of the boys secondary school who beat us up.', ' Yes ? ', 'Insulted for no reason.', "When a friend wouldn't speak to me and wouldn't tell me why.", ' They didn ’ t let me go until the next morning . ', ' I got it . ', 'A boy phoned me at night and wanted to talk to me for 30 minutes outside.  I thought that he would reveal what he felt and would question me on our relationship.  I treated him as a friend and did not want any misunderstandings.  Therefore I refused to meet him and told him that I would see him the coming day.  I was very unhappy as I feared having hurt him and got him into trouble.', "At Portsmouth , Lily Lee creatively amplifies a passage from Machiavelli 's The Prince , inscribing a chilling statement in a bold agitated hand . ", 'I saw in a movie a block on which affluence and poverty existed. I saw that the rich made no attempts to help the poor.', 'My brother came to tell me about some problems we had in the  family.  I felt sad because I thought that if my mother had not gone away when this brother was younger, things would have been different.', 'When I fell in love with \\X\\".  Overnight I felt confidence, self-esteem,    responsible and worthwhile."', " I guess you are right.But what shall we do ? I don't feel like sitting at home . ", ' Why not ? ', 'Delighted to be taken for another ride in another car , the little boy chuckled . ', 'Thank you you guys for all the support we will be playing at either 3 45 or 5 so come watch your favorite team ', 'My being admitted to university.', 'Before taking an exam.', ' Nice meeting you , too . ', 'When my dad passed away.', 'I was anxious to find out what the sellers had to say about my counter-offer . ', 'In a conversation my boyfriend expressed definite and quite pretentious opinions and he took up an attitude towards a theory which he himself had never known. His information was from fortuitous sources.', 'When someone threw a firecracker into my room at 7:00 am in the morning.', 'Cigarette ? ', ' 3 weeks ', 'In the dark an unreal figure formed by a shadow.', ' Well , who all is going to be there ? ', '@TooCrazyFox Most people the #blacksheep and also #scared of their shadows! One who lurks in the darkness is a mystery!', "I'm afraid of the darkness . ", "His comments are a major diplomatic gaffe as the CRC has supported the region in its disquiet over the CRE 's decision to begin an investigation . ", ' For me ? ', 'The commercial ethic meant some deterioration in standards , while the cutbacks in the Overseas News department , one of the glories of Bush House , caused much dismay in the public communications world . ', 'Sir : I am writing to say how delighted I am with your magazine ! ', "Loneliness. It can cause a bad effect-- when we least expect it and have the lowest tolerance for it. I only want it when I'm reading. ", 'I had to leave Den Helder and all friends and acquaintences, after having spend two weeks there with my friends.', "I overturned in a canoe a few years back and I didn't know how to swim. Although I had a life-jacket on I still panicked.", 'My boyfriend and I were getting dressed up and putting make-up on to go to a Halloween Party. We were dressing up to be two mimes. It was very enjoyable and I thought we looked really good, it was an accomplishment. We were alone in his house.', 'And so it begins...the countdown to a  and the possibility of an almost-new life  ', " Promise that you won't get angry . ", 'Congratulations , Vivian . You won the grand prize , again . ', ' I will . ', 'I was subject to false accusations, and got very angry.', 'When riding in a very fastly-driven car on a lose metal road at a very late hour - no other cars on road, and driver was taking corners very sharply. I felt afraid - because if an accident happened, the area was very isolated. Also, I feared for driver, after I was dropped off - would he make it home safely.', 'Why am I being charged $ 10 for a movie that I never ordered ? ', 'During an argument between friends, one of them accused me of taking advantage of some other friends who usually come to the university in my car, saying that I ask them too much money for the petrol.', 'My mother and her friends were speaking badly about my father when they were separated, and my brothers and sisters and myself were allowed to listen.', 'During the Physics experiment session I did not understand the content of the experiment and did not know how to do it.', 'When I saw my younger sister being bothered by a boy she did not know.', 'Attempted rape by 5 guys - held my arms behind my back and molested me, constantly threatening to beat me. Penetration did not occur as the driver of the car stopped that.', ' Oh , yes . ', ' $ 60 . ', "My elder brother often criticizes my mother's cooking.  Once he did it very impolitely and lost his temper.  This made all of us very sad.  I was very angry and I scolded him.  He asked me not to interfere with what was his buisness.", ' you said it . Good beer , good music , and on top of that , there are so many hot girls here ! ', 'I was told to do something I did not want to do.', ' The parents are horrified and I am totally disgusted . ', "When Alain 's mother finally went inside with a few rueful shakes of her head and a pleased look on her face , Jenna decided to risk all . ", 'Flight BE407 to Rome is delayed . Will passengers please wait in the lounge . ', 'When I was a kid, I always opened the door to greet my father when he came back from work.  One day it so happened that his hair was scattered due to over-crowding in the train, and when I opened the door as usual I saw something else.  I was so scared that I could not talk.', "My Lord Mayor , I 'm delighted to have this opportunity to debate the Government 's health reforms again . ", ' You go ! ', ' What time ? ', ' Perhaps you can try the three minutes date , the latest type . ', "Sonny , alarmed at the deathly pallor of his half-sister 's face , had jumped into the trap and had driven furiously to the village for the doctor . ", 'When I read the newspaper that morning I found my candidature number on the admission list of the Chinese university.  I was satisfied and happy and the cumulative anxiety disappeared.  I only wanted to cry out that I had succeeded.', " Even those . It'll be very romantic , I think . You'll have loads of fun . ", 'He shows his annoyance with some intimidating facial expression , backed up by a sparse selection of adjectival punctuation invariably using the ` f " word , which he uses with considerable effect . ', " I wasn't done talking to you . ", ' Let ’ s see . . . you ’ re a Capricorn . It says that you will be feeling stress at work , but you could see new , exciting developments in your love life . Looks like we ’ ll both have interesting summers ! ', 'The day was high and bright , the salt tang seasoning the after-pulse of summer heat which still hung in the air , but nothing could shift my sense of despondency , nagging depression . ', 'I was emotionally happy when I was in love with the girl I had longed for.', '@stebax You gotta feel the - and #sing it anyway! :) (Said by me, former girl child soloist. (I was good - semi-pro.)', 'Furuseth was furious with himself . ', 'It does at times reveal a certain despair over her present situation -- a fact that is rather concerning . ', ' I ’ m so sorry to hear that . ', " I need to come to grips with his death first . And I also need to prepare a eulogy in case I'm asked to speak tomorrow . ", " It's time I left . ", 'When my brother was held up and robbed.', ' Don ’ t worry . I will call Hanson , and ask him to help you . ', 'My friend will find out that I am in love with her.', 'I felt it when on duty in the hospital I understood that I was not afraid to face death, that I also helped a little to relieve the pains of a patient.', 'When a girl left me.', "When I encountered not only with my father's lack of understanding but also with his unwillingness to understand me as a parent, as far as things for which I (not he) have proves to be right are concerned.", 'Passing away of my father.', ' Oh , yes . Beautiful . ', 'When I got engaged to a boy of my choice.', "Whatever I want , she wants , and she 's pleased at how things have turned out . ", ' I ’ m sorry sir . This computer is not broken or damaged . It ’ s simply just too old ! That ’ s why your programs and applications are running slow . There really isn ’ t much I can do . ', 'The Doctor looked horrified . ', 'I was together with my family one night, a few days after my father had died, during that conversation I expressed my displeasure because nobody understands me.', ' Typical you , always wanting to keep the best things for yourself . The more I appreciate the gift now . ', "Oh , my God ! I've been cheated ! ", 'When I was cycling to school, I nearly got knocked down by a car which (overtook me too closely) did not give me any swerving space.', 'As it was , I felt thrilled to be walking on the same ground that young Thomson had trodden long before . ', ' What ? ', " It's no use complaining.If we had got enough money , we wouldn't put up with it ! ", ' Then can you wait a few minutes ? I want to finish writing this letter . ', 'My parents are divorced, father pays alimony for me. Two years ago my sister who lives with father, suddenly asked mother for money. As she considered the amount of money my mother offered her too small, she brought an action against mother. I was terribly angry with my sister.', 'Athelstan gasped with excitement and went round to rouse the coroner . ', " I should've just stayed on the bus . ", ' How horrible ! ', 'My mother had not come home at midnight.  She had forgotten to tell me about it.  I was very young and all alone at home.', 'I planned to travel a distance of 20 kilometres on my bike. I planned this when I was working in the hospital. When I went to the house I found that a friend had taken my bike without my consent.', 'Once I woke up in the middle of the night and felt frightened as everyone else was sleeping and I could not even go to their room.', "Wren 's grief-stricken mother gives all her daughter 's possessions to Luna . ", ' Yeah , yeah , we ’ re here because we feel this is an injustice ! The financial irresponsibility of big business has to stop ! We ’ re there to show the government that we don ’ t like the way that they ’ re spending our tax dollars ! ', ' John is in prison now . He was copped outstealing . ', ' My boss . ', 'When I was looking for a job I felt a lot of fear but the fear was greater when I found it.', 'Court sounded almost indignant . ', " I'll give it a try . Give me a call and let's go down together . ", ' Sorry , I couldn ’ t help you . ', 'Some horses become excited and upset if something goes a bit wrong when they are in harness , such as chains or ropes becoming entangled around their feet . ', 'When I went up the stairs in a high, dark house full of shadows, passed a door and had the feeling that someone or something was behind me, although I knew I was alone.', "My biggest is loosing you, so please don't make me ever face that fear. You have no absolutely no idea how much you mean to me.", 'When I was charmed by my relatives.', ' Bingo ! ', 'Renewed contact with an earlier friend.', 'When I gave birth to a child and saw that it was normal when it was put against my breast.', "One of the four ads is for insurance , another for Sherwood 's and the other two draw the attention of anxious patients to a particular service offered by local solicitors . ", ' Getting worse . Now he ’ s eating me out of house and home . I ’ Ve tried talking to him but it all goes in one ear and out the other . He makes himself at home , which is fine . But what really gets me is that yesterday he walked into the living room in the raw and I had company over ! That was the last straw . ', ' I was late for work because of them . ', " I'm so sorry , I .. I didn't realize it was that loud . ", 'I felt this emotion when my name was announced on the radio that I had been selected to come to  School for Health Sciences to take a training course as a Medical Assistat.', 'The proprietress seemed delighted to see them . ', ' I try to keep it to myself . But there is a lot of gossip about us . ', 'The death of my grandfather.', 'China winning the Asian Olympic games (TV).', 'When a person the same age as me insisted that I call him \\Mister\\".  I refused to succumb, but he persisted and I got angry as he had belittled me."', ' Yeah . ', "I 'm really frightened .  ", 'Costly experiments on the teeth of live dogs or primates , not to mention the public disquiet about such animal testing , might be avoided and delays reduced . ', ' I want to take them to court for arresting me . ', 'When I asked my girlfriend to marry me.', 'What happened to originality? Everybody is following the same trend. Nobody wants to step out of the box. is a #bitch!', ' What ? ', 'My child passed away after a short illness when he was just eleven months old. I was only told about his death without knowing that he had been ill.', 'Her stumbling repetition masked a growing delight at his basic error . ', ' Yes . ', ' No , we live in the suburbs . What about you ? ', " I know . But things have changed . I guess I've settled down . ", 'The Training Sub-Committee is extremely concerned at the amount of pressure Trainers are under and feel there is an urgent need for a group of people to begin training now . ', ' Why not ? ', 'Fear of sexual overtures from a close relative in the family.', "I broke a window of a neighbouring house and I feared my mother's judgement and action on what I had done.", 'It feels good being close to another person.', "I have been afraid several times. What marked me was that I almost didn't enter University.", ' My stress level is pretty much what is usually is . ', ' Not always . It depends on the transmission of the satellite signals . ', 'When I slipped on a glazed frost road and a car almost ran into me.', 'I was raped once when I went through a dark alley at the back of our house. The man pushed me in the bushes. I fought back and succeeded to escape.', " I am sorry , sir . But may I see your driver's license and insurance policy , PLS ? I have to give you a ticket . ", " Oh , that's so nice of you ! Thank you very much . ", "Please don't let the dismay of the pro-Ford lobby colour your judgement in future road tests . ", ' I got caught cheating . I feel so ashamed . The teacher saw me and told me I failed . ', '` I am heartbroken because football has been my whole life . " ', ' Why ? ', "Don't get agitated . ", "For all those years you've protected the seed, it's time to become the beautiful flower.~S.C. Paul   ", 'I was happy when at difficult times I could find support in my friend and my fiance, I was happy because of their spiritual and moral help which gave me new power to struggle. I was happy then, I felt it in my soul.', 'I heard of the death of a closefriend of mine.  I had gone camping with him shortly before his death and the whole thing seemed very  sudden to me. ', 'It made me very sad to hear that some construction company was going to build houses on the beautiful hills by my house.', 'When I think that I will probably never have a genuine contact with my parents.', ' OK . ', 'When one of my closest friends failed to make it to the third year of university.', 'Topaz was indignant , some of her fear dissipating . ', "sometime I don't even have to talk to my kids, I give them certain looks and they know exactly what to do..... ", ' Fine . ', 'When I had my first oral examination after a long time; especially one day before the examination when I had the feeling that I had not studied enough and had not enough time to make up for it.', ' Froth ? ', "Nothing could wash away the beastliness of that house or the horror of the sight of Phyllis Henley 's body , but he felt the need to try . ", 'I was very sad at hearing that my grandfather had passed away.', 'The women wait anxiously and when the boat returns one of its crew has been lost , causing inconsolable grief to his young wife . ', ' Certainly ! ', 'When my half brother became seriously ill with cancer and died later.', ' Are you sick ? ', 'The ambassador dithered so Benjamin stormed out , grasped a frightened servant and made him take us to where Clinton was sitting with the Lady Francesca in a small bower built against the chateau wall . ', 'Returning to the campuses in a state of excitement , they sensed victory over the authorities , but had to secure the release of their arrested colleagues . ', 'When there is danger nearby.', 'Two fierce eyes glared at the terror-stricken sailors . ', ' Why not ? ', '` Didn\'t seem too pleased about something . " ', " It's just too bad . I have to leave it as it is , and thank you just the same . ", " If you don't think twice about the rides and go on every ride that you can , you'll have a good time . ", 'The Sheffield Wednesday striker was livid at finding himself back on the bench just 28 minutes after being sent on as a second-half substitute at Norwich on Saturday . ', 'When my brother went out with my new shirt that I adored, and returned it dirty with grease.', 'I unexpectedly met a girl with whom I have always got along well. ( I had not seen her for several months.)', 'THE Italian writer Primo Levi died on 11 April 1987 , to the dismay of his readers . ', ' You and I have been together for a whole year , and our vacation time should be about the two of us ! ', " At least if there 's a human being there you can talk about the deal ,  says Legal & General 's Michael Payne with just a trace of exasperation . ", ' Well , I have the day off from work . ', 'Some economists feel deep disquiet at the use of food grains to produce motor spirit . ', 'At an important moment in a volleyball game we made a point and by this we won a set from a much stronger competitor.', 'When I was a child I had a grass-parakeet I liked very much. His legs were crippled so that he could not move very fast. Once I came into the room, did not notice him and stepped on him. A few days later he died.', 'When I was robbed in a bus.', ' I also want to check out this video . ', " I'd enjoy that . ", "When present boyfriend's mother approached my parents and self - to leave her son alone - as she did not want me for a future daughter-in-law.", ' yeah it is . ', 'When I crashed my car and it had to be scrapped then.  It was my fault and I feel depressed as I miss the car.', 'I felt a stifled anger against her . ', 'The day that my boyfriend appeared at home with a pair of rings for our wedding.', 'The Gorengs made their home in the former diplomatic quarter , the area which had , to the glee of the Chinese in the Toku-ru warehouse , been accidentally shelled by the malai navy on invasion day . ', ' I agree . ', "I feared that I was pregnant.  It was not planned and I would have been compelled to have an abortion, which I would not have liked at all.  Fortunately, after a week's anxiety, I got to know that I was not pregnant.", ' It can ’ t be helped . ', ' Thanks , Professor . See you later ! ', 'During a fight with my best friend.', ' Yeah , Cal Ripen just hit a home run . ', 'One year, when I went to a camp, I was chased by a dog.  I tried hard and finally managed to escape from it.  My torch suddenly went off and we talked about ghost stories and I thought that there were ghosts.', ' But she means a lot to me . ', ' Here you are . ', 'I had a schoolmate who went to the hospital as her brain was bleeding.  She fell unconscious for three days and when I went to see her I saw the miserable state the family was in.  Moreover I could not do nothing for her.  I was very sad.  Finally, she died.', 'Did you see Ally Mabel last night ? ', 'Staying alone in the dark.', "` Jane , my darling , it 's not because she 's mad that I hate her . ", 'In 1977 when my friend was caught by a crocodile.  We were swimming in a river on whose banks our primary school was situated.  When my friend was caught, he was on the banks of the river and some of us were still in the middle of the river.  I was very frightened.', 'She was tingling with excitement . ', ' Do you ? ', 'My cousins were playing at home and one of them broke a decorative object which was very precious to me.', " to perform You're Gonna Go Far Kid by Offspring on my next tour! having regrets #TWLOHA @TWLOHA", 'Saw some young people fighting for seats on a bus.', 'When I felt being treated unjustly by a teacher.', 'Even so , becoming angry when travel arrangements go wrong can hardly help . ', ' Hello Todd . ', "We were riding in a friend's car.  He was driving very fast and suddenly a another car crossed the road in front of us.  My friend had to turn the car rapidly.", "@DougSloan People, a majority according gallup nationwide, support legalizing marijuana, so why don't Dems? #racism #closemindedness", "I'm busy year in and year out , but now I've done nothing . ", 'According to Sheila , Caan was enraged and charged at her . ', "I felt fear some months ago of losing the person whom I loved when she said to me that she didn't love me.", ' no problem . ', ' $ 59.95 . ', 'For the more depressed and lonely people who have few if any outside contacts , counselling can appear to deepen the very feelings that it is seeking to alleviate , especially in the early stages . ', ' Why ? ', 'When I tried to put up a tent some years ago, I was teased and hindered by my cousin.', ' Not so soon . It ’ s not my birthday today . Well , you ’ ll come , won ’ t you ? ', ' How could you ? I reminded you just this morning . ', 'I went home late one evening and saw that the security lights were off.  I got inside the gate and just then I realized that the dogs may be outside.', 'It was a week before the higher level results were announced.  I had tried and failed many times and this was the last time that I was taking the exam.  I knew that if i failed again I woulld have to enter the society.  I imagined things during this period - I dreamt that I had entered university and it was a nice experience.  When I thought about the future, an unexplainable fear rose in me.  I feared being a worker and not having a bright prospect, I also feared the criticism of my relatives as my brother had gone to university.  Whenevr I thought of this issue I could not eat or concentrate, and my heart beat increased.', ' I ’ ll stand in with you if you like . I ’ Ve got nothing else to do . ', ' OK , see you later . ', ' Perfect , and I like her charming eyes too . ', 'Some time ago I was present at the wedding party of two close friends of mine.', ' Very well , consider me gone . ', "Rex watched in horror as the black claw tore Bill 's left arm from its socket and flung it far up the street . ", 'This was at secondary school, a prefect framed up some case and took it to the deputy head-master.  I was called by the head-master and he threatened to suspend me.', ' Poor girl ! ', 'Shifted from Melbourne to Brisbane. All my old school friends gave me a party and I had to say good-bye to them all.', 'When India won the Prudential cup by beating West-Indies in the final match and became the world cricket champion.  West-Indies was the strongest of the eight countries which participated in the competition.', 'When I feel helpless after having tried to help someone without any result.', 'Some people were sitting outside and saying things which were not really true.', "You can't get very excited when she brings home half-price loo rolls and stale cough sweets . ", ' Silly me ! ', " It's 112 . ", ' Sure . Once you get the hang of it , it ’ s a piece of cake ! It ’ s nothing to worry about . ', "Happy Mother's Day , Mom ! ", ' What ’ s wrong ? I thought we agreed that you were gonna quit smoking . ', 'I was watching a sad film and it affected me deeply.', 'My grandmother died.', 'Mary , how was your date with john ? ', "My girlfriend who had been very far away from me came to my place. She saw me and ran after me. I didn't know that she had come. I couldn't see her. She held my shoulders standing behind me.", 'When I got into an argument with someone and was very abusive, but they were a close friend and I later regretted it.', 'He was concerned that the room must be left just as Durance would have wished . ', '` You could have lent it to me , " Paula said , peeved . ', 'I experienced it when I was accepted at the Medical Higher Institute.', ' Yes . ', ' if you got to class by riding a bicycle every day instead of driving , you will get lots of exercise , too ! ', 'When I knew the feelings of a beloved person.', 'Scoring a goal in football match.', ' Sure . ', 'I feel fear when I only imagine I could lose confidence in my own abilities and powers. A similar feeling I feel sometimes before an exam.', 'Bathsheba was watching his expression closely , and she had never been more miserable . ', 'When I was 10/11 years old my father travelled very much for his work (he passed three months away from home).', 'I am joyfull to be alive every night.', 'It was the first time I met him (my boyfriend Mr.W).  It was during the first term Summer vacations.  We met each other while handing in our homework.  He invited me have a trip with him and we were together till 8 P.M.', " Yeah , I'm very nauseous . It's mostly nausea and a fever . ", '` I still feel quite peeved about it ; well , more than that really . " ', 'Driving back , she managed to keep her anger in control . ', ' Of course . ', '@OfficialPWG was a great closer for 2011. Awesome night. #SteenWolf was still the best and will be hard to top.', 'is the lock andand #laughter the key to your heart. ❤', ' You ’ re right . ', " Not from this brand , I'm afraid . ", "Have you ever felt so angry about men that you 've been moved to write a song about it ? ", ' I can show it to you now , if you like . I think it goes back about 8 generations so far . ', ' Don ’ t you know our movie starts at seven ? And we were going to meet at the theater at five to seven . Then it doesn ’ t make sense to meet at the apartment . ', 'When I heard that my father had found a letter from my boyfriend and he was calling me to talk about it.', ' It ’ s an absolute outrage , Sarah , the US government wants to give 25 billion dollars of taxpayers ’ money to the auto industry . These are companies that have been mismanaged and are now nearly bankrupt . ', 'bulls need to complete signandtrade for crawford, sign bulter.. the rest of the league can sit back and pull the covers up their chins ', "You're spending a very long time on my hair . ", ' Sure . ', 'Fear of thief.', 'At the death of a close relative.', 'An infuriated Charles ordered the battering of Newgate , where artillery breached the wall and hit the nearby Carmelite house ( now Whitefriars Museum where Civil War will be displayed ) supposedly killing two of the occupants . ', 'When I saw a good friend again after not having seen her for a long time.', "Neil Kinnock was happy that his deputy should spell out his commitment to equality as Labour 's objective . ", 'Getting ill.', 'I met a girlfriend again after not seeing her for several months.  I saw her in a discotheque.  We do not like discotheques but we went there because we knew we would meet there.', 'I was watching a movie alone - it was a horror movie. The music was a deep pulsing type - not really music. And a light flashed on and off. It was in the complete darkness of a movie theatre that was almost empty.', ' Oh doctor , I feel so foolish . ', " My washing machine isn't working . ", "LAUSANNE , Switzerland --- The IOC is miffed that baseball hasn't opened the sport to professionals for the Olympics .", "Gary 's expression became even more anxious . ", ' Yes , why ? ', ' Right . ', ' I watched the race with my children . We saw you run to the finish line . We all screamed with excitement . ', 'When someone took my things without having asked for my permission.', ' Sometimes , we , human beings , really had done something wrong , so we should admit it at first . ', ' Is it far ? ', "The girl I was seeing didn't want to have a serious relationship. ", 'Ah , ah , ah ... ', 'I asked a girl out on a date and she said no.', 'When I heard that my father had passed away. I could not eat for a week and was only crying. I could not find the courage to go to bath.', "Sometimes I prefer not to talk about it...I'm not a liar or a fraud, sometimes people make me feel afraid to say everything. and #truth", " I really don't think it's any of your business . ", ' My feelings exactly . ', '.if u say sum bout me behind my back its  sum u bout me!', "I 'm delighted that you were pleased with the response . ", ' If I hear " Love Me Tender " one more time , I think I\'m going to go crazy ! ', " You should have the of losing one's softness in the heart and its hardening.#islam", "Where is John ? I can't find him anywhere . ", 'When a cousin of mine took my bottle of T.B tablets, put water in it and threw it in the dust-bin.', 'Anyone home ? Jen ! ', 'While trying to board a train I missed the footsteps and fell down on the platform.', ' maybe he is busy with his work . Just wait and try not to think about it too much ! ', ' Oh , hey ... ', ' Yeah , but nothing was clear during the test . ', 'I was angry when my friends said that I should not receive Nursing Science books because there was a rumour that I was intending to leave the college.', ' Dark blue . ', 'He told of his sorrow at having to quit a job he passionately enjoyed . ', 'When my friends died one after the other.  The first died in a car accident and the second one recently, due to an illness.', " Oh , it's no problem.It ' s OK.You know , it only happened once . ", " Well that's great ! It's nice that we have something in common . ", ' Wait , what are you doing ? I ’ m a married woman ! You can ’ t just try to kiss me like this ! ', 'Just arrived in the university, not knowing anybody.', 'My mother unjustly became very angry with me and sent me to my room while my father explained that the way she saw things was not correct. I had done things with the best intentions.', 'I have to talk to you ! ', ' Tomorrow ? ', ' Well , I have acrophobia . I have a chronic fear of flying . ', 'My dear hamster (called Hannes) died at the age of 2 and 1/2 years. His shape forced me to mercy killing (an injection).', "Nick , it's very nice of you to see me off . ", 'When a man who had a knife grabbed me and threatened me with it,   during my holidays in Monze. ', ' Ohio . ', ' thanks . ', ' Meeting new people is a good thing . ', 'Mum , this is for you . ', 'The virtual outlawing of the use of ECT in some States in the USA has deprived suicidal depressed patients of an extremely effective and sometimes life-saving treatment . ', 'She was acting like some idiotic schoolgirl , not an intelligent woman , she thought in exasperation . ', '` I am so excited about seeing my sons again . ', 'I passed successfully the preliminary exam for a participation in the children Assembly.', 'Morrissey was obviously peeved at The Smiths continued existence as a relatively small ` cottage industry " . ', ' It is not your mother finding one for you ? ', 'I felt it when I sat for my exam in anatomy.', 'I had just moved to the town where I study and I got a postcard from a good friend (from my home town).', 'My fear appeared in the form of jealousy. I was afraid that my girl-friend had fallen in love with another man, I was afraid to lose her.', 'When I entered the dissection room for the first time and was exposed to preserved dead human bodies.', 'She could not convince me at the time that anything bad could happen , now that I had finally ` solved " my eating problems , and for a short time I felt jubilant , relieved and ecstatic . ', 'Finding an excuse is obviously down your alley . And trying to avoid taking care of the children is what you are good at . ', ' No , I don ’ t want to eat anything . ', 'When my uncle died I saw a funeral for the first time. All people stood around the open grave and cried.', "I also hate the dentist , and that's were I am heading to. I wish he was on strike lol #brokentooth", 'I missed an opportunity to go abroad because of some silly mistakes for which I had to suffer a lot.', 'By comparison , she felt drained and despondent . ', ' You ’ Ve had over a month to get this finalized ! Why are things delayed ? ', 'Intelligence puts man on the throne. Faith puts God there.     ', ' No problem . ', ' Yes , I did . But I feel tired today . ', ' Hi Martha . Everything is perfect . ', 'He was a thin , brown man with a brass stud at the neck of his striped shirt and a sad expression as if he were on the point of tears . ', 'When I saw a TV program on the North American military plan called \\The startwar\\"."', 'Hey Jane . How are you doing these days ? ', ' I swear I never drink again . Just give me another chance , please . ', " maybe if I sold my car now , I wouldn't be so tempted to use it . ", 'I was walking in the countryside alone when I came across two dogs who began barking at me.  I did not know whether they were tied up or loose, but I was afraid of them approaching me.', ' Yes , I do . ', 'The earliest sparkling wines were undoubtedly discovered by accident , probably by the trial and error methods employed by anguished winemakers ironically trying to avoid the nuisance of fizzy wines . ', "Every word that comes out of my mouth I pray it doesn't push you away. ", "You didn't tell me she was married ! ", ' About 80 million dollars . ', ' Why should I wear a skirt ? Or a dress ? ', 'Having my personal objects rearranged by someone else without my consent and having it arranged to their taste. Then trying to find a particular object they rearranged for an hour or more.', " Don't ask me . I don't wanna be involved in your quarrel . ", ' Well , obviously , what you ’ re doing is not good enough ! ', 'Every time, in the last few days, when my girlfriend told me that she loves me.', ' Come on . ', 'The day I was told that I had passed my Malawi School leaving Exams and I was selected to go to college.', 'My cousin asked me to be a bridesmaid for her. This made really happy because I was adopted into the family and her asking me made me realise that she saw me as a cousin and not just another person. There were other cousins she could have asked but she asked me.', " Sure . Sounds great . Let's go . ", "When my sister's first child came home, after one week in intensive care at the hospital.", ' So do I . ', " No , but I'd really like to . ", "I had a driver licence but I didn't drive for a long time, than I started to drive again, and had to get into hard transit and highways.", 'The president was more concerned about the loss of jobs . ', "In recent months a growing number of federal judges and lawyers have voiced their exasperation with America 's approach to drugs . ", ' OK . ', 'When my father was involved in an accident.', "I'm afraid I can't complete my paper on time . ", 'Auguste shot him an indignant glance . ', 'When I began to date a boy with whom I am till now. This was 16 months ago.', ' How come ? ', " Don't you think it's too bloody ? ", ' But ... OK . ', 'My son passed grade 7 and was accepted for form I.', ' Leave me alone ! ', " Me too , I don't know why , but every time I see the guy , I break into a cold sweat . ", 'Todd showed delight in simple songs and reverence when invited to pray . ', 'When a friend tried to back bite me on false grounds.  This made me wonder if he was a really a good friend.', 'On our way to France, my girlfriend and I went to Verona. By chance we met an Italian couple - they gave us two tickets for the dress-rehearsal of \\Aida\\". It was a different world for us full of fascination. After the representation we ate a phantastic pizza in a restaurant near the \\"Arena\\"."', 'Frau Nordern allowed herself a note of exasperation . ', 'I partly colored my hair black. My mother didn\'t like it and reproached me to be a \\subversive element\\". Later on she stated that this was due to my friends. As I see it, this all resulted from colouring my hair."', 'When someone took my pen away.', ' Yes . I am going to take some university courses there . ', 'Watching a horror film.', 'freak that cockroach who flew during choir practice. #cockroach #anything else but cockroach NOT!!!!', 'When I left my boyfriend. I found another girl at his home but he did nothing to relieve the situation.', "Flora 's eyes were downcast too ; they usually were . ", 'But , despite his annoyance at being seeded No.2 to Baddeley even though he is the present No.1 , he declined to labour the point afterwards . ', ' That sounds easy enough . ', ' I was thinking about it . Are you ? ', ' For crying out loud ... How fast are we losing money ? ', 'Ashley recoiled in horror . ', "It was only once that I really felt sad: at my grandfather's funeral (after a long time of suffering he had died of cancer).", ' Sorry ! ', ' You must have realized somebody was here . ', 'So shall they fear the name of the Lord from the west, and his glory from the rising of the sun..... & 59:19 (KJV) #glory #God', 'I felt anger of a friend when she met \\a date\\" and become nervous and pest as she always gets when she meets him."', "When I didn't get a certain job at Lillehammer which I wanted very much.", "For all those years you've protected the seed, it's time to become the beautiful flower.~S.C. Paul   ", 'I was overwhelmed with joy when I received the acceptance letter to university.  This happened again when I passed all my first year courses.', 'When I was in primary 6, my father died.  I was very young then and did not know what had happened.  The weeping of my relatives and my tears made me sad.', " That's really convenient . Does it have the Bluetooth ? ", 'When a friend of mine had her period, while thinking she was pregnant.', 'Arriving in New Zealand as a teenager - first overseas trip - something \\exhilarating\\" about the change of scenery etc."', 'Hello , Steven . Congratulations ! ', " I tried to introduce myself to them when they moved in , but they were so arrogant that I didin't want to ever talk to them again ! ", " Don't take too long . It would be a shame not to take advantage of such lovely weather . ", 'When I was successful at my work I was full of joy.', 'Leo demanded as he wrenched back to stare down into her almost terror-stricken face . ', 'Finding out my name on the list for English lectures.', ' Well thank you ! In that case , I am 26 years old , and what about yourself ? ', ' You see , that ’ s what I ’ m talking about , I can ’ t stand your sarcastic jokes anymore ', ' This PC is top of the line and I guarantee it will never freeze ! If it does , we ’ ll give you your money back ! ', 'I had not studied very much for my final examination at school, so I had to take an additional examination in French. The oral examination was not very hard for me - the more I was glad when I heard that I had passed it.', ' Cool ! What kind of Chinese painting do you prefer , free sketch or claborate-style painting ? ', 'While in the army, I was treated unfairly by my superiors.  I was held responsible for a deed of which I was innocent.', 'Once at midnight, I was working alone at office and the phone suddenly rang.', 'Mungo felt elated , smiling back . ', 'We were starting a student project, and the teacher we talked to was very negative and not very helpful.', 'I felt fear when I fell down and broke my leg into pieces and I could not feel it at all.', 'There was joy in me when I heard that I was to take a course as a Medical Assistant.', 'sorry, my bad :(', 'Did you know that?! I just got an A :)', " My bad . I didn't realize that it was so late . ", 'The dog , delighted at last to have some attention paid to it , raced ahead , scenting rabbits , his great tail pluming . ', ' What time is the right moment ? ', 'When I received the acceptance letter from university.  I had just come home from work when my kind sister handed me an enveloppe which I opened and was overcome with joy.', " I'm sorry to have made you disappointed . ", 'He pressed himself back once more against the wall , panting with excitement . ', '` If the manual was lying in the BMW , I think some hint of the elation of the police would have come through on the intercepts . ', " No , I didn't . That car was too fast . ", 'On the way home one Friday night in the heavy rain the car acquaplanned.  I lost contact with the road surface for a few seconds.', 'When I took the B.A exams,I was expecting a 1st class even though I had not done very well. When the results came out I felt sad as I had missed the 1st class by 12 marks.', ' Yes ? ', ' Sports . ', 'All my friends arranged to go for an afternoon snack and they did not tell me.  They told me that they did not have my phone number but I do not think that this was true.', 'To see him fumbling with our rich and delicate language is to experience all the horror of seeing a Svres vase in the hands of a chimpanzee . ', 'They looked furious when they saw our faces peering in and made frantic signs for us to close the curtains again . ', 'I was told that a friend of a friend committed suicide.', ' How come ? ', 'I was angry when somebody stole my half petticoat.', 'hey there :)', 'whats up? :)', 'I was filled with joy when I heard that I had passed my Secondary school leaving certificate exam.', ' What is it ? ', 'When my mother decided to clean out my room and throw out what she thought was junk, without my knowing about it, so I returned home to find half my stuff gone.', 'When an argument with a friend of mine over our behaviour towards another friend turned into a quarrel.   I lost my temper and nearly knocked him out.', 'On the occasion of assignment of tasks and responsibilities in which such an assignment, dispropotionately carried with it high responsibility and low ability of organisation and resolution.', 'We all have a  voice, a story;& duty to those silenced with fear& and misconception to stand, strong against tides of ', ' cool ! It must be amazing to work at a bar ! ', " Isn't it just great ! I just knew I'd win ! ", "Can't remember specific event - besides just being moderately happy until a year or so ago.", " That's absolutely ridiculous ! ", ' I was . It ’ s just that the holidays are coming up and I won ’ t be able to home because I can ’ t afford the airfare . I ’ m just longing for some of the comforts of home , like my mom ’ s cooking and being around my family . ', ' Do you have any hobbies besides playing chess ? ', 'Here ’ s your hot dog and beer . What happened ? Did I miss anything ? ', 'When my brother who has been out of New Zealand for 10 years came to visit with his wife which none of our family had previously met.', 'When I felt alone and without love.', 'Irina hung up in exasperation . ', 'No wonder she was now inconsolable at the prospect of the child being returned to London . ', "My friend had been telling me about a certain bird which when it cries at night it's the sign that someone will die. So one night I was alone in the house and I heard the cry of the bird and I was afraid.", " I've created a monster ... you're a better bayer than me ! "]
2024-02-28 22:12:46,091 - MainLogger - INFO - Received starting text
2024-02-28 22:12:46,378 - MainLogger - INFO - No model found, creating one
2024-02-28 22:12:46,385 - MainLogger - INFO - Loading data from the npy files
2024-02-28 22:12:46,436 - MainLogger - INFO - Loaded input matrix of shape (7934, 300)
2024-02-28 22:12:46,439 - MainLogger - INFO - Loaded output matrix of shape (7934, 1)
2024-02-28 22:12:46,464 - MainLogger - INFO - Loaded validation input matrix of shape (3394, 300)
2024-02-28 22:12:46,467 - MainLogger - INFO - Loaded validation output matrix of shape (3394, 1)
2024-02-28 22:12:46,468 - MainLogger - INFO - Input loaded with shape (7933, 500) and looks like [[5.500e+01 4.800e+01 7.970e+03 ... 0.000e+00 0.000e+00 0.000e+00]
 [4.250e+02 2.000e+00 3.210e+02 ... 0.000e+00 0.000e+00 0.000e+00]
 [1.000e+01 1.000e+00 7.300e+01 ... 0.000e+00 0.000e+00 0.000e+00]
 ...
 [5.400e+01 1.121e+03 2.600e+01 ... 0.000e+00 0.000e+00 0.000e+00]
 [7.000e+00 3.900e+01 1.400e+01 ... 0.000e+00 0.000e+00 0.000e+00]
 [2.800e+02 3.984e+03 3.000e+00 ... 0.000e+00 0.000e+00 0.000e+00]]
2024-02-28 22:12:46,470 - MainLogger - INFO - Output loaded with shape (7933,) and looks like 0       0.0
1      -1.0
2      -1.0
3      -1.0
4      -1.0
       ... 
7928   -1.0
7929   -1.0
7930   -1.0
7931   -1.0
7932   -1.0
Name: Emotion, Length: 7933, dtype: float32
2024-02-28 22:12:46,471 - MainLogger - INFO - Validation Input loaded with shape (3393, 500) and looks like [[1.000e+00 7.000e+02 2.900e+01 ... 0.000e+00 0.000e+00 0.000e+00]
 [1.000e+01 1.000e+00 7.400e+01 ... 0.000e+00 0.000e+00 0.000e+00]
 [1.130e+02 2.600e+01 6.041e+03 ... 0.000e+00 0.000e+00 0.000e+00]
 ...
 [1.300e+01 1.910e+02 2.200e+01 ... 0.000e+00 0.000e+00 0.000e+00]
 [2.000e+01 3.100e+01 8.400e+01 ... 0.000e+00 0.000e+00 0.000e+00]
 [1.000e+01 5.950e+02 1.050e+02 ... 0.000e+00 0.000e+00 0.000e+00]]
2024-02-28 22:12:46,472 - MainLogger - INFO - Validation Output loaded with shape (3393,) and looks like 0      -1.0
1       0.0
2      -1.0
3      -1.0
4      -1.0
       ... 
3388   -1.0
3389   -1.0
3390    0.0
3391   -1.0
3392   -1.0
Name: Emotion, Length: 3393, dtype: float32
